{'title': 'Alleged Montreal Mafioso not allowed inside bar in Rivière-des-Prairies', 'keywords': ['owner', 'article', 'allowed', 'pizzi', 'racj', 'advertisement', 'montreal', 'rivièredesprairies', 'continues', 'tied', 'loaded'], 'polarity': 0.0311, 'subjectivity': 0.1976, 'link': 'https://montrealgazette.com/news/local-news/alleged-montreal-mafioso-not-allowed-inside-bar-in-riviere-des-prairies', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:34', 'summary': 'Alleged Montreal Mafioso not allowed inside bar in Rivière-des-Prairies "The most troubling aspect in the case (was) the presence and the hold, by certain individuals tied to the highest spheres of organized crime in Montreal, over control of the establishment."\nPhoto by Dave Sidaway / Montreal GazetteArticle content A bar in Rivière-des-Prairies has seen its liquor licence suspended for two months after the Montreal police raised questions over who controlled it.\nAdvertisement 2 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\nAdvertisement 3 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\nAdvertisement 4 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.', 'channel': 'montrealgazette.com', 'text': 'This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nAlleged Montreal Mafioso not allowed inside bar in Rivière-des-Prairies "The most troubling aspect in the case (was) the presence and the hold, by certain individuals tied to the highest spheres of organized crime in Montreal, over control of the establishment." Photo by Dave Sidaway / Montreal Gazette\n\nArticle content A bar in Rivière-des-Prairies has seen its liquor licence suspended for two months after the Montreal police raised questions over who controlled it.\n\nAdvertisement 2 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content We apologize, but this video has failed to load.\n\ntap here to see other videos from our team. Try refreshing your browser, or Alleged Montreal Mafioso not allowed inside bar in Rivière-des-Prairies Back to video The 60-day suspension is part of an agreement reached between the Régie des alcools, des courses et des jeux (RACJ) and the new owner of the 6e avenue Bar et Grill on Maurice Duplessis Blvd. As part of the agreement, the new owner agreed to not allow Marco Pizzi, 52, and four members of his family to enter the premises. Police sources have described Pizzi as a man who appears to have grown in influence among the Montreal Mafia over the past decade. The agreement reached with the new owner is detailed in a decision made on April 14 by the RACJ to suspend the bar’s liquor licence despite the change in ownership. It describes how the previous owner was summoned to appear before the board since November 2019 on a request from the Montreal police.\n\nAdvertisement 3 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content “The most troubling aspect in the case (was) the presence and the hold, by certain individuals tied to the highest spheres of organized crime in Montreal, over control of the establishment,” Marc Savard, the president of the RACJ, wrote in his decision approving the agreement. Savard noted that a Montreal police investigator corroborated the new owner’s testimony that he has no connections with Salvatore Infantino, the bar’s previous owner, beyond the sale of the bar, and has no ties to organized crime. Infantino is also among the names of eight people who are not allowed on the premises. During the summer of 2016, Pizzi underwent a bail hearing at the Montreal courthouse following his arrest in Project Clemenza, an RCMP investigation into alleged drug traffickers tied to the Montreal Mafia. Infantino testified during the bail hearing in support of Pizzi’s release. He described himself as a childhood friend of Pizzi’s and told the court he was surprised to learn Pizzi was alleged to have been tied to $2.3 million used to finance five shipments of cocaine that were to be smuggled into Canada.\n\nAdvertisement 4 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content The charges against Pizzi were dropped a year later when the Crown decided it would no longer prosecute cases related to Project Clemenza. Shortly after he was released on bail, an attempt was made on Pizzi’s life on Aug. 8, 2016, while he was driving along Grande-Allée Ave. in Montreal. A hit man who became an informant and testified during the murder trial of Marie-Josée Viau and Guy Dion last year said that Pizzi was among a list of people that Salvatore Scoppa, the leader of a Calabrian clan in the Montreal Mafia, had sought to have killed. Among a long list of events the Montreal police cited when it asked that Infantino appear before the RACJ, was a dinner held on May 29, 2021, at a restaurant in Rivière-des-Prairies called Prima Luna “where several influential members of organized crime gathered for a soirée.” The gathering was held in the restaurant in contravention of COVID-19 measures. Pizzi was reportedly in attendance that night as well as Montreal Mafia leader Francesco Del Balso and longtime members of the Hells Angels. The owners of Prima Luna are scheduled to have a hearing before the RACJ next month to answer questions about the gathering. Other events mentioned include an arson fire set in the same building on Maurice Duplessis Blvd. in 2016, when the business was known as Café Liana, and an attempted murder on Feb. 4, 2019. pcherry@postmedia.com More On This Topic Man involved in hit on alleged Montreal Mafioso is denied parole Informant says Scoppa brothers wanted to eliminate Sicilians in Montreal Mafia\n\nShare this article in your social network\n\nLatest National Stories Advertisement 1 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nMontreal Gazette Headline News Sign up to receive daily headline news from the Montreal Gazette, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. Email Address There was an error, please provide a valid email address. Sign Up By clicking on the sign up button you consent to receive the above newsletter from Postmedia Network Inc. You may unsubscribe any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails. Postmedia Network Inc. | 365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4 | 416-383-2300 Thanks for signing up! A welcome email is on its way. If you don\'t see it, please check your junk folder. The next issue of Montreal Gazette Headline News will soon be in your inbox. We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try again', 'image': 'https://smartcdn.gprod.postmedia.digital/montrealgazette/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/0427-city-pizzi-5009.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:34'}
{'title': 'New political parties would turn Quebec into a new Louisiana: Legault', 'keywords': ['canadian', 'article', 'political', 'advertisement', 'french', 'louisiana', 'continues', 'loaded', 'party', 'bill'], 'polarity': 0.0685, 'subjectivity': 0.1977, 'link': 'https://montrealgazette.com/news/local-news/new-political-parties-would-turn-quebec-into-a-new-louisiana-legault', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:21', 'summary': 'New political parties would turn Quebec into a new Louisiana: Legault "If we want French to still be in place 50 and 100 years from now, we have to have Bill 96 and Bill 101," premier says.\nPhoto by Jacques Boissinot / The Canadian PressArticle content QUEBEC — Two newly formed political parties would prefer Quebec be bilingual, a move that is a sure ticket to becoming a new Louisiana, Premier François Legault said Tuesday.\nAdvertisement 2 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\nTry refreshing your browser, or New political parties would turn Quebec into a new Louisiana: Legault Back to video “What these people want is to have a bilingual Quebec,” Legault told reporters.\nStandish said the Canadian Party of Quebec will be officially launched some time in mid-May.', 'channel': 'montrealgazette.com', 'text': 'This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nNew political parties would turn Quebec into a new Louisiana: Legault "If we want French to still be in place 50 and 100 years from now, we have to have Bill 96 and Bill 101," premier says. Photo by Jacques Boissinot / The Canadian Press\n\nArticle content QUEBEC — Two newly formed political parties would prefer Quebec be bilingual, a move that is a sure ticket to becoming a new Louisiana, Premier François Legault said Tuesday.\n\nAdvertisement 2 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content We apologize, but this video has failed to load.\n\ntap here to see other videos from our team. Try refreshing your browser, or New political parties would turn Quebec into a new Louisiana: Legault Back to video “What these people want is to have a bilingual Quebec,” Legault told reporters. “If we want French to still be in place 50 and 100 years from now, we have to have Bill 96 and Bill 101. “We need immigrants to go to French schools. What they have to understand is if Quebec is bilingual, unfortunately the attraction in North America to English will be so strong it will be a matter of time before we don’t speak French in Quebec and we become Louisiana.” Legault was commenting on news that two new minority language rights parties, one to be called the Canadian Party of Quebec (CaPQ) and the other Mouvement Québec, are getting organized in time to field candidates in the fall general election. Neither have been officially authorized by Élections Quebec, but have applications to obtain official party status. Both plan to run candidates throughout Quebec, but are targeting ridings in Montreal, the Townships and Outaouais because of the pockets of English-speaking Quebecers.\n\nAdvertisement 3 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content The announcement of the creation of the Canadian Party of Quebec was done via a press release published overnight Monday by Eastern Townships language activist Colin Standish. Former mayoralty candidate Balarama Holness announced last week that he was creating Mouvement Québec. “Yes, the Canadian Party of Quebec/Parti canadien du Québec will be an unapologetically federalist party that tirelessly works for minority rights, socioeconomic justice and linguistic harmony,” Standish said. The party’s platform will be based on six principles. They will be “rights are rights are rights, respecting the integrity of the Canadian constitution, bilingualism, educational choice, prosperity for all Quebecers, and rapprochement and reconciliation.”\n\nAdvertisement 4 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content The group says it intends to challenge what it describes as Quebec’s political orthodoxy and offers to “fill the void” felt by minority voters in the wake of overhauls of language legislation at the National Assembly (Bill 96) and in Ottawa and other legislation, such as Bill 21 on state secularism. “The time has come to offer a voice to the voiceless,” especially Quebecers who feel betrayed and abandoned by the Coalition Avenir Québec and the Quebec Liberal Party,” Standish said. The news took the traditional parties by surprise, but mostly risks rocking the boat of the struggling Liberals. With Liberal Leader Dominique Anglade absent from the legislature for a speaking engagement Tuesday, it was up to Liberal house leader André Fortin to field the questions. He rapidly shifted the Liberal line of attack to a warning about vote-splitting.\n\nAdvertisement 5 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content “You may well end up with more people elected from the Coalition Avenir Québec,” Fortin told reporters. “If you want people here, in the assembly, who represent your views, if you want people who oppose those bills, then the Liberal Party represents your views.” Reached Tuesday, Holness launched a few arrows at the new party, which will now be competing for similar voters with his party. “It remains to be seen whether Montrealers will be inspired by Colin,” Holness said. “I think their policies are connected to the current political climate, but are they connected to the people? I don’t think so. “He’s from the Eastern Townships, has never lived in Montreal and won’t be campaigning in Montreal because he doesn’t live here. For me, this (other party) is a lot of noise.\n\nAdvertisement 6 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content He noted his organization has a track record of being able to organize and debate issues from the last municipal campaign. “Anyone can go and register a party and say we are against Bill 96,” Holness said. “I don’t think they have the bandwidth, the personnel and the credibility to make the kind of impact Mouvement Montréal had.” Later, in an interview with the Montreal Gazette, Standish said he did not want to get into a feud with Holness, but noted his party’s policies are the result of discussions and debates in the community. “We feel they are going to resonate with all Quebecers, French, English-speaking, newcomers and Indigenous. We have our plan. We’re confident. This is not a fly-by-night idea for us. It is intellectually and morally and legally sound principles.” He challenged Legault’s views that French is in decline, noting 80 per cent of Quebecers are mother-tongue-French. “The decline of French in Quebec is a myth,” Standish said. Standish said the Canadian Party of Quebec will be officially launched some time in mid-May. pauthier@postmedia.com twitter.com/philipauthier More On This Topic Voters will have another option this fall: the Canadian Party of Quebec Montreal needs voice in National Assembly, Holness says in previewing new party\n\nShare this article in your social network\n\nLatest National Stories Advertisement 1 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nMontreal Gazette Headline News Sign up to receive daily headline news from the Montreal Gazette, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. Email Address There was an error, please provide a valid email address. Sign Up By clicking on the sign up button you consent to receive the above newsletter from Postmedia Network Inc. You may unsubscribe any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails. Postmedia Network Inc. | 365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4 | 416-383-2300 Thanks for signing up! A welcome email is on its way. If you don\'t see it, please check your junk folder. The next issue of Montreal Gazette Headline News will soon be in your inbox. We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try again', 'image': 'https://smartcdn.gprod.postmedia.digital/montrealgazette/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/que-dorismond-sworn-in-20220426-2.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:21'}
{'title': 'Montreal passes bylaw ending universal distribution of flyers', 'keywords': ['universal', 'article', 'flyers', 'ending', 'advertisement', 'passes', 'continues', 'content', 'distribution', 'bylaw', 'loaded', 'opposition'], 'polarity': 0.0352, 'subjectivity': 0.2028, 'link': 'https://montrealgazette.com/business/local-business/montreal-city-council-meeting-continues', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:43', 'summary': 'Montreal passes bylaw ending universal distribution of flyers Opposition councillors insist city must submit progress report by September 2024 Photo by Marie-France Coallier / Montreal Gazette filesArticle content Montreal city council passed a bylaw Tuesday allowing it to limit the distribution of advertising flyers to households that request them as of May 2023.\nAdvertisement 2 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\nTry refreshing your browser, or Montreal passes bylaw ending universal distribution of flyers Back to video “We’re on the right side of history,” Mayor Valérie Plante said, noting that 800,000 flyers end up in the city’s recycling centres each week.\nAdvertisement 3 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\nArticle content The motion calls for the pilot project to be implemented by the end of the year.', 'channel': 'montrealgazette.com', 'text': "This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nMontreal passes bylaw ending universal distribution of flyers Opposition councillors insist city must submit progress report by September 2024 Photo by Marie-France Coallier / Montreal Gazette files\n\nArticle content Montreal city council passed a bylaw Tuesday allowing it to limit the distribution of advertising flyers to households that request them as of May 2023.\n\nAdvertisement 2 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content We apologize, but this video has failed to load.\n\ntap here to see other videos from our team. Try refreshing your browser, or Montreal passes bylaw ending universal distribution of flyers Back to video “We’re on the right side of history,” Mayor Valérie Plante said, noting that 800,000 flyers end up in the city’s recycling centres each week. “That’s 40 million per year!” she said. “We can’t support a model of distribution that’s based on waste. It’s irresponsible.” Montreal has set a goal of becoming zero waste by 2030. Interim opposition leader Aref Salem expressed support for the measure. “Of course, in 2022, we cannot continue to accept 40 million plastic bags being sent to the recycling centre,” he said. However, he raised concerns about the future of free local weekly newspapers that are also delivered in the Publisac bag. Salem also expressed worries about how the ban on universal door-to-door distribution would affect low-income residents who depend on the flyers to shop for food, especially in today’s inflationary context.\n\nAdvertisement 3 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content The Ensemble Montréal opposition forced an amendment shortening the delegation of power to the city to enforce the measure from a proposed five years to two-and-a-half years. It also requires the city to report to council on the bylaw’s impact by September 2024. Plante promised measures to help local weeklies survive the loss of their current method of delivery. Currently, flyers are distributed under an opt-out system, where residents who don’t want them can put up a sign in their doorway refusing them. However, critics say unwanted advertising matter is often distributed even to homes with “no flyers” stickers. The new system will be an opt-in one, where people who want flyers will have to request them. The advertising matter will also no longer be allowed to be delivered in a plastic bag.\n\nAdvertisement 4 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content TC Transcontinental, which publishes and distributes the Publisac, said two weeks ago it’s unfortunate that consumers could lose access to flyers that help them economize just when inflation is causing “unprecedented price increases,” and vowed “to assert our rights and those of our customers, if necessary.” The company has said the opt-in model is not viable for door-to-door distribution. On Monday, it announced it would stop distributing the Publisac to households in Mirabel, after the Quebec Superior Court rejected a motion by the company seeking to overturn a 2019 bylaw imposing an opt-in system in the city 50 kilometres northwest of Montreal. TC Transcontinental said it would turn to Canada Post to deliver flyers to customers who request them, resulting in the elimination of 16 jobs.\n\nAdvertisement 5 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content In other council news: — The project to build platform screen doors on several stations on the Orange Line is only on hold, not cancelled, Plante said, after Salem questioned her on a report in the Montreal Gazette revealing that the $200-million project was quietly shelved in December. “Let’s just say that we put it on ice for a while,” she said. Plante said her administration chose to maintain transit service for essential-service workers during the pandemic, despite a sharp drop in ridership. While the barrier doors are important, the Société de Transport de Montréal (STM) has had to implement budget cuts to make up for the loss in revenues, she said. — Montreal will hold a pilot project allowing people to bring dogs on a leash on the métro, under an opposition motion adopted unanimously. Currently, dogs are only allowed on the transit network in a cage or pet carrier, unless they are guide dogs, which are permitted. In December, the SPCA raised a 16,546-name petition to allow leashed dogs on the STM.\n\nAdvertisement 6 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content The motion calls for the pilot project to be implemented by the end of the year. It also calls on the city and STM to launch a public awareness campaign on the topic. — Councillors also approved an opposition motion to request that the Quebec government amend the city’s charter so that two independent civilian members with expertise on racial profiling and human rights may be added to the nine-member public security committee. The committee is now made up of city and borough councillors and two suburban mayors. The proposal was among 38 recommendations made in June 2020 by the Office de consultation publique de Montréal (OCPM), which held hearings on systemic racism and discrimination within the city and its police force. — Council also unanimously passed a motion introduced by Snowdon councillor Sonny Moroz to designate May as Jewish Heritage Month in Montreal. On Monday, councillors approved a declaration naming recognizing April 27 and 28 as Yom HaShoah day, commemorating victims of the Holocaust. mscott@postmedia.com\n\nShare this article in your social network\n\nLatest National Stories Advertisement 1 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nMontreal Gazette Headline News Sign up to receive daily headline news from the Montreal Gazette, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. Email Address There was an error, please provide a valid email address. Sign Up By clicking on the sign up button you consent to receive the above newsletter from Postmedia Network Inc. You may unsubscribe any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails. Postmedia Network Inc. | 365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4 | 416-383-2300 Thanks for signing up! A welcome email is on its way. If you don't see it, please check your junk folder. The next issue of Montreal Gazette Headline News will soon be in your inbox. We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try again", 'image': 'https://smartcdn.gprod.postmedia.digital/montrealgazette/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/0412_city_flyers-w.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:43'}
{'title': 'LILLEY: Conservatives push Libs to be open on Emergencies Act inquiry', 'keywords': ['article', 'emergencies', 'information', 'advertisement', 'documents', 'continues', 'loaded', 'mendicino', 'libs', 'lilley'], 'polarity': 0.0339, 'subjectivity': 0.211, 'link': 'https://torontosun.com/news/national/conservatives-push-liberals-to-be-open-on-emergencies-act-inquiry', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:19', 'summary': 'LILLEY: Conservatives push Libs to be open on Emergencies Act inquiry Photo by Spencer Platt / Getty ImagesArticle content Conservative MPs pushed the Trudeau government for greater transparency in the public inquiry into the use of the Emergencies Act, but it may have been in vain.\nAdvertisement 2 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\nTry refreshing your browser, or LILLEY: Conservatives push Libs to be open on Emergencies Act inquiry Back to video On Tuesday, the day after an inquiry was called, Conservative MPs asked the government to be open on the reasons the act was invoked to deal with the trucker convoy that had taken over downtown Ottawa surrounding Parliament Hill.\nIf you were hoping for openness and transparency from the Trudeau government on their use of the Emergencies Act, keep hoping.\nWhat he didn’t say was that no one has faced charges that required the Emergencies Act.', 'channel': 'torontosun.com', 'text': "This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nLILLEY: Conservatives push Libs to be open on Emergencies Act inquiry Photo by Spencer Platt / Getty Images\n\nArticle content Conservative MPs pushed the Trudeau government for greater transparency in the public inquiry into the use of the Emergencies Act, but it may have been in vain.\n\nAdvertisement 2 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content We apologize, but this video has failed to load.\n\ntap here to see other videos from our team. Try refreshing your browser, or LILLEY: Conservatives push Libs to be open on Emergencies Act inquiry Back to video On Tuesday, the day after an inquiry was called, Conservative MPs asked the government to be open on the reasons the act was invoked to deal with the trucker convoy that had taken over downtown Ottawa surrounding Parliament Hill. The answers from Public Safety Minister Marco Mendicino didn’t offer much hope for those looking for answers. “Will the Liberals disclose their internal analysis that showed they met the threshold for the Emergencies Act and the justice department’s private opinion, or are they just going to keep hiding this information from Canadians?” Edmonton-area MP Dane Lloyd asked. If you were hoping for openness and transparency from the Trudeau government on their use of the Emergencies Act, keep hoping.\n\nCPC MP @DaneLIoydMP pressed the government in the House of Commons...listen for the answers. #cdnpoli #freedomconvoy pic.twitter.com/b4U1o9R746 — Brian Lilley (@brianlilley) April 26, 2022\n\nAdvertisement 3 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content Mendicino said that the government has done all that it needs to do. “We launched a full-scale independent inquiry, appointing Justice Rouleau as commissioner. He has the power to compel witnesses, documents and information, including classified information,” Mendicino said. We apologize, but this video has failed to load.\n\ntap here to see other videos from our team. Try refreshing your browser, or One of the criticisms of the order establishing the inquiry, though, is that it allows the government to refuse publicly release documents or information based on national security concerns. The order also instructs the inquiry to look into the conduct of the protesters, but not the government. Mendicino responded to that claim by saying that “the judge can look into the conduct of police enforcement.” The conduct of police is a far cry from looking into the actions or the failures of federal, provincial and municipal politicians. That is not something the government has encouraged with their calling of the inquiry.\n\nAdvertisement 4 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content Conservative MP @MichaelChongMP asked the Trudeau government to give the inquiry into the use of the Emergencies Act all the information they need and not hide behind cabinet confidences. The answers won't give you hope. Watch & RT #cdnpoli #freedomconvoy pic.twitter.com/pRP6PvUymK — Brian Lilley (@brianlilley) April 26, 2022\n\nAdvertisement 5 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content Ontario Conservative MP Michael Chong kept up the pressure on the government, asking if it would waive cabinet confidences, as former Conservative Prime Minister Stephen Harper had done in several instances. “The key question is whether the invocation of these extraordinary powers met the legal requirements of the Act, a question Justice Rouleau and the public inquiry need to answer. In order to do that, Justice Rouleau needs access to documents covered by cabinet confidence,” Chong said. “Will the Prime Minister, will the government, waive cabinet confidence?” Mendicino, a former Crown prosecutor, reminded the Commons that people were arrested as a result of these protests. What he didn’t say was that no one has faced charges that required the Emergencies Act. He also spoke of working “in co-operation with the judge” leading the inquiry without saying that the government would grant full access to documents. Last week, the Trudeau government cited cabinet confidence in refusing to release documents in defence of a lawsuit over the use of the Emergencies Act.\n\nShare this article in your social network\n\nLatest National Stories Advertisement 1 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nYour Midday Sun From our newsroom to your inbox at noon, the latest headlines, stories, opinion and photos from the Toronto Sun. Email Address There was an error, please provide a valid email address. Sign Up By clicking on the sign up button you consent to receive the above newsletter from Postmedia Network Inc. You may unsubscribe any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails. Postmedia Network Inc. | 365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4 | 416-383-2300 Thanks for signing up! A welcome email is on its way. If you don't see it, please check your junk folder. The next issue of Your Midday Sun will soon be in your inbox. We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try again", 'image': 'https://smartcdn.gprod.postmedia.digital/torontosun/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/1370196838-e1647041411921.jpg?quality=100&strip=all', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:19'}
{'title': "Bolo program's top 25 most wanted considered unique effort", 'keywords': ['article', 'bolo', 'considered', 'advertisement', 'started', 'continues', 'content', 'loaded', 'programs'], 'polarity': 0.0675, 'subjectivity': 0.2409, 'link': 'https://torontosun.com/news/bolo-programs-top-25-most-wanted-considered-unique-effort', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:37', 'summary': "Bolo program's top 25 most wanted considered unique effort Big reward money comes from a charitable foundation started by security expert Photo by Courtesy BOLO Program / Toronto SunArticle content The Bolo program has developed into a tool police can use to reach out to the public for help in their investigations.\nAdvertisement 2 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\nTry refreshing your browser, or Bolo program's top 25 most wanted considered unique effort Back to video With cash rewards of up to $250,000 available, a top 25 most-wanted list was unveiled on Tuesday.\nThere’s never been a top 10 or top 25 of most wanted suspects,” said Max Langlois, Bolo program director and former transnational crime expert with Interpol in Lyon, France.\nArticle content The idea, Langlois said, has become a personal passion of Cretier’s and is unrelated to Garda World.", 'channel': 'torontosun.com', 'text': "This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nBolo program's top 25 most wanted considered unique effort Big reward money comes from a charitable foundation started by security expert Photo by Courtesy BOLO Program / Toronto Sun\n\nArticle content The Bolo program has developed into a tool police can use to reach out to the public for help in their investigations.\n\nAdvertisement 2 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content We apologize, but this video has failed to load.\n\ntap here to see other videos from our team. Try refreshing your browser, or Bolo program's top 25 most wanted considered unique effort Back to video With cash rewards of up to $250,000 available, a top 25 most-wanted list was unveiled on Tuesday. “This is something that doesn’t exist in Canada. There’s never been a top 10 or top 25 of most wanted suspects,” said Max Langlois, Bolo program director and former transnational crime expert with Interpol in Lyon, France. “We are a small team. We want to do everything that we can to be disruptive to these fugitives, but also to encourage people to be on the lookout.” Langlois is hoping this new list which features people wanted for crimes across Canada could be whittled down — and more names added as police make arrests. The Bolo program, which started in 2018, is funded by a private foundation started in 2006 by Stephan Cretier, an entrepreneur who started the security firm, Garda World, in 1995.\n\nAdvertisement 3 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content The idea, Langlois said, has become a personal passion of Cretier’s and is unrelated to Garda World. “It’s the money that they’re putting into the program,” said Toronto Police Chief James Ramer. “When I will authorize awards in rare cases, the maximum we do is $50,000. It’s limited, as well, for the duration of time. But $250,000 – that’s an incredible amount.” Not every suspect has a reward attached to their capture. No. 9 on the list is Mohamed Hassan, who has been on the run from Toronto homicide detectives since April 3, 2021. We apologize, but this video has failed to load.\n\ntap here to see other videos from our team. Try refreshing your browser, or On that day, at 5:40 p.m., police were called about a shooting at 35 Trehorne Dr., near Royal York Rd. and The Westway, where there was an alleged drive-by shooting involving two vehicles. Habil Abdilahi Hassan, 21, of Toronto, died.\n\nAdvertisement 4 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content “This was a real brazen murder,” Det.-Sgt. Ted Loumanis said. “We have arrested one person already. That person is already before the courts as we speak.” It is hoped that having the extra pull of the Bolo campaign can help investigators capture Hassan. “The message is being sent out to the community that the police don’t stop. We continue to do what we can,” added Loumanis. “Unfortunately, we are sometimes limited, so we do need that public assistance and the community involvement.” The Stephan Cretier Foundation describes its program as a way “to encourage citizens to be vigilant and to allow them to make reports that can help police arrest Canada’s most wanted individuals.”\n\nShare this article in your social network\n\nLatest National Stories Advertisement 1 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nYour Midday Sun From our newsroom to your inbox at noon, the latest headlines, stories, opinion and photos from the Toronto Sun. Email Address There was an error, please provide a valid email address. Sign Up By clicking on the sign up button you consent to receive the above newsletter from Postmedia Network Inc. You may unsubscribe any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails. Postmedia Network Inc. | 365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4 | 416-383-2300 Thanks for signing up! A welcome email is on its way. If you don't see it, please check your junk folder. The next issue of Your Midday Sun will soon be in your inbox. We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try again", 'image': 'https://smartcdn.gprod.postmedia.digital/torontosun/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/bolo-e1651018925981.jpg?quality=100&strip=all', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:37'}
{'title': "'Unprecedented' $250,000 reward offerred for murder suspect's capture", 'keywords': ['capture', 'article', 'wanted', '250000', 'bolo', 'advertisement', 'continues', 'murder', 'mohamed'], 'polarity': 0.0559, 'subjectivity': 0.247, 'link': 'https://torontosun.com/news/unprecedented-250000-reward-offerred-for-murder-suspects-capture', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:05', 'summary': "'Unprecedented' $250,000 reward offerred for murder suspect's capture Abilaziz Mohamed tops list of 25 suspects to 'be on the lookout' for nationally Photo by Handout / TPSArticle content Toronto Police and the Bolo program are offering a $250,000 reward for information that leads to the arrest of Canada’s most wanted suspect.\nAdvertisement 2 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\nTry refreshing your browser, or 'Unprecedented' $250,000 reward offerred for murder suspect's capture Back to video Abilaziz Mohamed, 32, is wanted for first-degree murder for the shooting death last Oct. 13 of Craig MacDonald, 43.\nThe Bolo program — short for ‘Be On the Lookout” — announced the unprecedented reward Tuesday as it released a top-25 list of fugitives in Canada.\nAdvertisement 3 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.", 'channel': 'torontosun.com', 'text': "This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\n'Unprecedented' $250,000 reward offerred for murder suspect's capture Abilaziz Mohamed tops list of 25 suspects to 'be on the lookout' for nationally Photo by Handout / TPS\n\nArticle content Toronto Police and the Bolo program are offering a $250,000 reward for information that leads to the arrest of Canada’s most wanted suspect.\n\nAdvertisement 2 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content We apologize, but this video has failed to load.\n\ntap here to see other videos from our team. Try refreshing your browser, or 'Unprecedented' $250,000 reward offerred for murder suspect's capture Back to video Abilaziz Mohamed, 32, is wanted for first-degree murder for the shooting death last Oct. 13 of Craig MacDonald, 43. The Bolo program — short for ‘Be On the Lookout” — announced the unprecedented reward Tuesday as it released a top-25 list of fugitives in Canada. “I think it’s going to make a lot of difference,” said Toronto Police Chief James Ramer. “An award like $250,000 — there’s going to be a lot of people in the community that know where Mohamed is. And I really do believe that’s what’s going to influence them to pick up the phone.” The head of the Bolo program said it’s only a matter of time before Mohamed – and other suspects on its most-wanted list – are nabbed. “We are launching a significant initiative. It is unprecedented,” said Max Langlois.\n\nAdvertisement 3 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content “It’s life-changing money. So if you have something to say – say it now. That’s the message.” Toronto Police Det.-Sgt. Chris Ruhl said MacDonald was killed after a parking lot argument. We apologize, but this video has failed to load.\n\ntap here to see other videos from our team. Try refreshing your browser, or Ruhl added he hoped renewed public attention on the case will spark some leads in partnership with Crime Stoppers. “Our efforts haven’t stopped and, in fact, the Bolo program reached out to me to advise they would be making efforts,” Ruhl said. “And I really feel strongly that this is going to have an immense value, and I anticipate we will be able to locate Mr. Mohamed.” Other suspects on the list are wanted by investigators with the RCMP, the Surete du Quebec, Windsor Police, Calgary, and even the U.S. Marshals. Thirteen of them are wanted in Toronto Police. Rewards, ranging from $50,000 to the $250,000, are being offered for 10 fugitives. The amounts being offered by Bolo will expire after six months. “Having him behind bars will not end our nightmare,” said Craig’s sister, Drema MacDonald. “Nothing will. But it will allow us to take our next step forward, and hopefully ensure that another family will not be forced to walk this same path.”\n\nShare this article in your social network\n\nLatest National Stories Advertisement 1 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nYour Midday Sun From our newsroom to your inbox at noon, the latest headlines, stories, opinion and photos from the Toronto Sun. Email Address There was an error, please provide a valid email address. Sign Up By clicking on the sign up button you consent to receive the above newsletter from Postmedia Network Inc. You may unsubscribe any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails. Postmedia Network Inc. | 365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4 | 416-383-2300 Thanks for signing up! A welcome email is on its way. If you don't see it, please check your junk folder. The next issue of Your Midday Sun will soon be in your inbox. We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try again", 'image': 'https://smartcdn.gprod.postmedia.digital/torontosun/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/NR.52692.1650565291-e1650994756975.jpg?quality=100&strip=all', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:05'}
{'title': 'QCGN says May 14 mobilization will include anglo and franco Quebecers', 'keywords': ['article', 'french', 'advertisement', 'rights', 'bill', 'law', 'mobilization', 'continues', 'loaded', '96'], 'polarity': 0.0783, 'subjectivity': 0.2484, 'link': 'https://montrealgazette.com/news/local-news/qcgn-says-may-14-mobilization-will-include-anglo-and-franco-quebecers', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:21', 'summary': 'This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\nQCGN says May 14 mobilization will include anglo and franco Quebecers The group says thousands of Quebecers opposed to the law have already made their voices heard.\nAdvertisement 2 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\nAdvertisement 4 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\nBut if Bill 96 is enacted, Jennings predicted the government will be seeing many groups mobilize to challenge it.', 'channel': 'montrealgazette.com', 'text': "This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nQCGN says May 14 mobilization will include anglo and franco Quebecers The group says thousands of Quebecers opposed to the law have already made their voices heard. Photo by John Mahoney / Montreal Gazette files\n\nArticle content English-speaking groups say opposition to Bill 96 extends beyond the minority community and includes groups representing businesses, patients’ rights advocates and others.\n\nAdvertisement 2 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content We apologize, but this video has failed to load.\n\ntap here to see other videos from our team. Try refreshing your browser, or QCGN says May 14 mobilization will include anglo and franco Quebecers Back to video That opposition will make its voice heard next month during a protest planned in front of Premier François Legault’s Montreal office on May 14, with marchers leaving from Dawson College at 10:30 a.m. Other actions are being planned across the province on the same day. In an online news conference held Tuesday, the Quebec Community Groups Network said it expects broad support from French community groups as well, because the proposed law would also penalize French speakers in various ways. “Premier Legault has said ‘I haven’t heard any real opposition,’ well, we’re hoping our community and all Quebecers who are profoundly concerned will raise their voices on May 14,” said QCGN president Marlene Jennings. “I think there is serious awareness about how Bill 96 will be bad for the majority of Quebecers, not just a minority.”\n\nAdvertisement 3 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content Jennings said the law “completely evacuates the role of the judiciary,” meaning that because of the use of the notwithstanding clause, those who feel their rights have been infringed upon can’t challenge the law in court. “Any charter of rights and freedoms is precisely to ensure that the majority doesn’t run roughshod over fundamental human rights of the minority,” she said. While the QCGN is calling the law problematic and is asking the province to walk it back, Jennings holds out hope that the government will at least amend its most problematic aspects. “As long as Bill 96 has not been proclaimed into law, we maintain hope that the government will see sense, and put the actual success of our students at the CEGEP level as a priority and remove those amendments that will cap the number of students at the English level,” Jennings said.\n\nAdvertisement 4 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content On Tuesday, the government announced it was easing another controversial aspect of Bill 96, a new rule that would have required anglophone students take three core courses in French at the CEGEP level. But if Bill 96 is enacted, Jennings predicted the government will be seeing many groups mobilize to challenge it. She said many have already signed petitions and thousands of Quebecers have written letters both to Legault and Simon Jolin-Barrette, the minister for the French language. “Premier Legault: this is a warning shot over your bow that there are many organizations, and not just those representing the English community, but those representing commerce, employment, health and social services that have already begun looking at legal challenges.”\n\nAdvertisement 5 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content Also speaking at the news conference, human rights lawyer Julius Grey said he is alarmed with the powers the law would grant to language watchdogs, which are out of proportion to the ills they are trying to correct. The law would allow language police enforcing the language charter the power of search and seizure without a warrant, while real police who are investigating a murder, for example, would still need warrants, that require evidence a crime has been committed. He’s also concerned about the provisions in the law that don’t require lawyers to speak English to their clients. “This law gets in between solicitor-client privilege, which the Supreme Court has already said is one of the most important relationships in Canadian constitutional law,” Grey said. “All of a sudden, the use of language is more important. The contract has to be in French. “Once again, the policy of the day is more important than fundamental rights that have stood the test of time.” jmagder@postmedia.com twitter.com/jasonmagder More On This Topic Bills 21 and 96 'very questionable' despite Legault's outrage, Julius Grey says 'People will die,' Nakuset warns Legault on Bill 96 Too many people and political parties don't believe French is in decline: Jolin-Barrette\n\nShare this article in your social network\n\nLatest National Stories Advertisement 1 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nMontreal Gazette Headline News Sign up to receive daily headline news from the Montreal Gazette, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. Email Address There was an error, please provide a valid email address. Sign Up By clicking on the sign up button you consent to receive the above newsletter from Postmedia Network Inc. You may unsubscribe any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails. Postmedia Network Inc. | 365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4 | 416-383-2300 Thanks for signing up! A welcome email is on its way. If you don't see it, please check your junk folder. The next issue of Montreal Gazette Headline News will soon be in your inbox. We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try again", 'image': 'https://smartcdn.gprod.postmedia.digital/montrealgazette/wp-content/uploads/2022/02/1226-city-jennings.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:21'}
{'title': 'MANDEL: Police sergeant accused of misconduct over his running of group homes', 'keywords': ['chung', 'youth', 'article', 'charges', 'advertisement', 'homes', 'continues', 'loaded', 'accused', 'running'], 'polarity': 0.0869, 'subjectivity': 0.2793, 'link': 'https://torontosun.com/news/local-news/mandel-toronto-police-sergeant-charged-with-misconduct-over-his-running-of-group-homes', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:06', 'summary': 'MANDEL: Police sergeant accused of misconduct over his running of group homes Photo by https://twitter.com/OfficerRod8037/photo / Toronto SunArticle content A popular Toronto Police sergeant known as “Officer Rod” is facing more than two dozen charges under Ontario’s Police Act over his running of a for-profit group home business for disadvantaged youth.\nAdvertisement 2 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\nTry refreshing your browser, or MANDEL: Police sergeant accused of misconduct over his running of group homes Back to video According to the 2020 notice of hearing, Sgt.\nAdvertisement 3 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\nAdvertisement 5 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.', 'channel': 'torontosun.com', 'text': "This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nMANDEL: Police sergeant accused of misconduct over his running of group homes Photo by https://twitter.com/OfficerRod8037/photo / Toronto Sun\n\nArticle content A popular Toronto Police sergeant known as “Officer Rod” is facing more than two dozen charges under Ontario’s Police Act over his running of a for-profit group home business for disadvantaged youth.\n\nAdvertisement 2 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content We apologize, but this video has failed to load.\n\ntap here to see other videos from our team. Try refreshing your browser, or MANDEL: Police sergeant accused of misconduct over his running of group homes Back to video According to the 2020 notice of hearing, Sgt. Rodcliff Chung became the owner and director of Fresh Start 4 Youth Services Inc. in 2008 without receiving the necessary approval from the police chief. His dealings with youth who could be involved with the criminal justice system has allegedly placed him in an ongoing conflict of interest. On the organization’s 10th anniversary, Chung explained to Caribbean Vibrations TV that the group homes grew out of his volunteer work with at-risk youth. “I just thought it would be a great way to affect the lives of a smaller group and have a more hands-on operation with them.” So you have to wonder, if the 22-year veteran has been running Fresh Start 4 Youth to high praise from the community for more than a decade, why have his bosses suddenly decided to lay all these charges now?\n\nAdvertisement 3 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content Among the 28 charges of misconduct and insubordination, Chung is accused of using TPS email, voicemail, computer and supplies to operate his business and his position as a police sergeant to act on behalf of his group homes. In 2018, he allegedly requested investigations into several missing residents, “creating the perception that you were acting in an official rather than a private capacity.” Chung allegedly interfered with several police investigations – “running interference” in 2017 when Durham Regional Police were looking into a volunteer at a Fresh Start group home in Pickering, and in 2020, when a Toronto Police investigation involved his Harrison Rd. group home in Toronto. He was also a witness in a 2020 human trafficking investigation involving an employee and a resident at one of his Toronto homes. “Your role as the owner of the business that employed the person being investigated and your role as a police officer was an obvious conflict of interest or had the appearance of conflict of interest,” the disciplinary tribunal document alleges.\n\nAdvertisement 4 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content Chung is facing a number of misconduct charges surrounding his use of his TPS email: in 2013, he wrote a Peel Police staff sergeant for help after a request from rapper P. Reign and Drake for paid duty was turned down. And in 2019, he wrote a support letter proclaiming the innocence of a woman’s daughter charged with drug trafficking in New Zealand “despite not having access to any of the evidence.” We apologize, but this video has failed to load.\n\ntap here to see other videos from our team. Try refreshing your browser, or He’s also charged with leaving his assigned patrol area to attend group home issues on 11 occasions between February 2019 and April 2020 without notifying the dispatcher or recording it in his notes. “By leaving your assigned area, you committed neglect of duty.” Some of the charges sound downright petty: Chung is accused of giving a lift home to a Fresh Start employee’s son, who’d been at headquarters for a Youth in Policing Initiative interview. In 2013, he allegedly ran police computer searches on his own name and vehicle and on his son’s name.\n\nAdvertisement 5 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content On social media, the youth advocate is regularly praised for his efforts, yet his employer seems none too pleased. “Sgt. Chung looks forward to defending himself against these charges before the tribunal and denies the misconduct that he has been alleged to have committed,” his lawyer Maureen Salama told the Toronto Sun. “He looks forward to his hearing and his ability to respond to the charges at that time.” In the meantime, Officer Rod continues to work as a TPS sergeant. Can a police officer moonlight — even if it’s for a noble cause? His hearing is set for next January. mmandel@postmedia.com\n\nShare this article in your social network\n\nLatest National Stories Advertisement 1 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nYour Midday Sun From our newsroom to your inbox at noon, the latest headlines, stories, opinion and photos from the Toronto Sun. Email Address There was an error, please provide a valid email address. Sign Up By clicking on the sign up button you consent to receive the above newsletter from Postmedia Network Inc. You may unsubscribe any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails. Postmedia Network Inc. | 365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4 | 416-383-2300 Thanks for signing up! A welcome email is on its way. If you don't see it, please check your junk folder. The next issue of Your Midday Sun will soon be in your inbox. We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try again", 'image': 'https://smartcdn.gprod.postmedia.digital/torontosun/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/officerrod-e1651015399279.jpg?quality=100&strip=all', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:06'}
{'title': "Quebec's sixth wave of COVID-19 on the wane, experts say", 'keywords': ['article', 'experts', 'advertisement', 'wane', 'health', 'continues', 'loaded', 'infections', 'sixth', 'quebecs', 'say', 'covid19'], 'polarity': 0.0975, 'subjectivity': 0.2965, 'link': 'https://montrealgazette.com/news/local-news/has-the-6th-wave-peaked', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:42', 'summary': 'Quebec\'s sixth wave of COVID-19 on the wane, experts say Whether Quebec\'s "calculated risk" not to reinstate most health measures during the sixth wave was successful is up for debate Photo by John Mahoney / Montreal Gazette filesArticle content The sixth wave of the COVID-19 pandemic, which Quebec tackled with fewer health restrictions than ever before, appears to have peaked.\nAdvertisement 2 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\nTry refreshing your browser, or Quebec\'s sixth wave of COVID-19 on the wane, experts say Back to video Six weeks after authorities officially pronounced it had begun, the numbers of cases are trending down and hospitalizations in the province have stabilized, health experts said.\nWhether Quebec’s “calculated risk” not to reinstate most health measures during the sixth wave was successful is up for debate.\nAdvertisement 3 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.', 'channel': 'montrealgazette.com', 'text': 'This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nQuebec\'s sixth wave of COVID-19 on the wane, experts say Whether Quebec\'s "calculated risk" not to reinstate most health measures during the sixth wave was successful is up for debate Photo by John Mahoney / Montreal Gazette files\n\nArticle content The sixth wave of the COVID-19 pandemic, which Quebec tackled with fewer health restrictions than ever before, appears to have peaked.\n\nAdvertisement 2 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content We apologize, but this video has failed to load.\n\ntap here to see other videos from our team. Try refreshing your browser, or Quebec\'s sixth wave of COVID-19 on the wane, experts say Back to video Six weeks after authorities officially pronounced it had begun, the numbers of cases are trending down and hospitalizations in the province have stabilized, health experts said. Over the weekend, the number of patients hospitalized with COVID-19 dropped for two straight days, the first time since March 20 the numbers had decreased. (Tuesday’s net increase of 64 patients, however, reinforced epidemiologists’ warnings that Quebecers are by no means out of the woods). Official case counts have been dropping since April 7. Whether Quebec’s “calculated risk” not to reinstate most health measures during the sixth wave was successful is up for debate. On one hand, the province still hit a high of 2,410 patients in hospital with COVID-19 last week, and several hundred people died. As of Tuesday, the province was averaging 28 deaths per day, a grim reminder of the human toll the disease still has the power to inflict even when most infections result in minor symptoms.\n\nAdvertisement 3 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content On the other, much of society was able to resume to life as normal and the economy to reboot. And Quebec’s increase in infections and vaccinations, epidemiologists note, could serve to create a type of “community immunity” that could protect it next fall from the harsher consequences now playing out in places like China. The province’s handling of the sixth wave was unique in its relative lack of health restrictions, with the exception of wearing masks in public spaces, noted Gaston De Serres, an epidemiologist with the Institut national de santé publique du Québec (INSPQ), the province’s research institute. Previous waves saw lockdowns and imposed social distancing used to limit infections. “The drop in cases this time arrived because the virus (and vaccinations) have touched many people, and so the virus is having more difficulty finding vulnerable people that it can infect.”\n\nAdvertisement 4 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content Quebec’s imposition of severe restrictions last December during the fifth wave to block the first surge of the Omicron variant likely spared it from far greater hospitalizations and deaths, De Serres said. That wave also infected millions, and convinced many others to get their booster shot, giving them better protection in March and April. Increased immunity and indications the new BA.2 sub-lineage of Omicron circulating resulted in mainly minor symptoms among the immunized, allowed the government to take its calculated risk. At the same time, the Coalition Avenir Québec, under pressure to ease restrictions as other provinces and countries had done, stressed measures could be imposed if conditions worsened, and warned citizens they still needed to exercise caution by avoiding large, unmasked gatherings and to self-test and stay home if symptomatic.\n\nAdvertisement 5 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content To date, Easter and Passover weekend doesn’t seem to have made a large impact, De Serres said. Hospitalizations seem to have crested before overloading the health system. The deaths from COVID-19 are a reflection of what society is willing to accept, he noted. Luc Boileau, Quebec’s interim health director, said in March that while the only acceptable number of deaths in theory is zero, that would be impossible for COVID-19 in the same way as it’s impossible for the flu. “There are too many constraints to be put in a society to get there,” he said. “And it’s a situation that is not necessarily acceptable, but that is a normal situation.” Quebec’s decision to allow more widespread infections during the 6th wave could protect the province next fall, when scientists predict another COVID-19 wave is all but inevitable. Dr. Doug Manuel, senior scientist at the Ottawa Hospital Research Institute and a member of Ontario’s COVID-19 science advisory table, referred to it in a recent interview with the National Post as “building community immunity,” in which a relatively stable number of infections pass through populations until enough immunity is created to end the pandemic.\n\nAdvertisement 6 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nShare this article in your social network\n\nLatest National Stories Advertisement 1 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nMontreal Gazette Headline News Sign up to receive daily headline news from the Montreal Gazette, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. Email Address There was an error, please provide a valid email address. Sign Up By clicking on the sign up button you consent to receive the above newsletter from Postmedia Network Inc. You may unsubscribe any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails. Postmedia Network Inc. | 365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4 | 416-383-2300 Thanks for signing up! A welcome email is on its way. If you don\'t see it, please check your junk folder. The next issue of Montreal Gazette Headline News will soon be in your inbox. We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try again', 'image': 'https://smartcdn.gprod.postmedia.digital/montrealgazette/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/0412-covid-features-8.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:42'}
{'title': "LILLEY: Will Ontario's NDP and Liberals form a coalition, too?", 'keywords': ['article', 'ford', 'duca', 'advertisement', 'liberals', 'continues', 'del', 'leader', 'loaded'], 'polarity': 0.0999, 'subjectivity': 0.2966, 'link': 'https://torontosun.com/opinion/columnists/lilley-will-ontarios-ndp-and-liberal-parties-form-a-coalition-too', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:14', 'summary': "LILLEY: Will Ontario's NDP and Liberals form a coalition, too?\nTry refreshing your browser, or LILLEY: Will Ontario's NDP and Liberals form a coalition, too?\nOn Monday, NDP leader Andrea Horwath unveiled her party’s platform.\nArticle content Not current Liberal Leader Steven Del Duca, who issued a statement effectively, saying his Liberals are just like the NDP.\nTry refreshing your browser, or If Del Duca isn’t courting NDP Leader Andrea Horwath, he’s definitely courting her voters.", 'channel': 'torontosun.com', 'text': "This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nLILLEY: Will Ontario's NDP and Liberals form a coalition, too? Postmedia files\n\nArticle content Now that the federal Liberals and NDP have tied the knot in a coalition of sorts, will their provincial cousins in Ontario do the same?\n\nAdvertisement 2 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content We apologize, but this video has failed to load.\n\ntap here to see other videos from our team. Try refreshing your browser, or LILLEY: Will Ontario's NDP and Liberals form a coalition, too? Back to video The leaders of both parties have expressed an interest in working together if Ford wins the most seats, but not a majority, and the Liberals are actively pursuing the NDP as they try to scratch their way back to power from third place. On Monday, NDP leader Andrea Horwath unveiled her party’s platform. It’s filled with promises to hire 30,000 nurses, 20,000 teachers and education workers, 10,000 personal support workers, and planks that will have the government spending until the cows come home on every project imaginable – except highways, roads, and other vital infrastructure. In days past, Liberals of the centrist variety — the people who didn’t want to go too far left or too far right — would’ve looked at the NDP platform in horror. The reckless spending, the promises to tax successful people and businesses into oblivion — or prompt them to leave the province –would have made them think twice about offering any praise.\n\nAdvertisement 3 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content Not current Liberal Leader Steven Del Duca, who issued a statement effectively, saying his Liberals are just like the NDP. “I see a lot of the ideas Ontario Liberals have already announced as part of our Liberal plan. I can tell you there are also some proposals that we had already decided to include in our platform but not yet released,” Del Duca said, while adding there is a lot in the NDP plan he could work with. It sounded like a love letter to Horwath’s party! We apologize, but this video has failed to load.\n\ntap here to see other videos from our team. Try refreshing your browser, or If Del Duca isn’t courting NDP Leader Andrea Horwath, he’s definitely courting her voters. Like Kathleen Wynne before him, Del Duca has decided that the path to power lies in being more like the NDP and abandoning the middle ground where the majority of the electorate sits.\n\nAdvertisement 4 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content It’s a strange plan for him to follow. Between the 2014 and 2018 elections, the Ontario Liberals lost roughly 740,000 votes. The PC Party picked up 821,000 and the NDP increased by 784,000 votes. Obviously, far more people came out to vote in 2018 when the province saw a 58% voter participation rate compared to just 51% in 2014, but more people also went to Ford’s PCs than Horwath’s NDP. Why not target them? “You don’t understand,” said one top Liberal recently. “We need to own the progressive side and don’t really care what is happening with Tory voters.” That much is evident from their campaign promises. Del Duca isn’t attempting to reach disaffected Ford voters so much as people who voted for Horwath and the NDP and think she’s done a bad job as Opposition leader.\n\nAdvertisement 5 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nArticle content Horwath has certainly failed on that front. If she were a competent Opposition leader, Ford wouldn’t be entering the election leading in the polls. Yet, in focusing on Horwath, Del Duca is, in effect, auditioning for the job of leader of Her Majesty’s Loyal Opposition while leaving Ford a lot of room to manoeuvre. He says he’s focused on Doug Ford and replacing him as premier, but Del Duca is aiming squarely at the NDP. The Liberals are hoping that they can steal enough NDP votes to find a way back to power, but barring that, they’ll look for an NDP-Liberal coalition to seal the deal. “I’m prepared to have conversations,” Del Duca said a month ago regarding coalitions talks. When the polls close June 2, we’ll find out if voters want Del Duca to have those conversations or if they’ll side with the stability of a second Ford term rather than put an NDP-Liberal coalition into place on Parliament Hill and at Queen’s Park. Interesting times.\n\nShare this article in your social network\n\nLatest National Stories Advertisement 1 Story continues below This advertisement has not loaded yet, but your article continues below.\n\nYour Midday Sun From our newsroom to your inbox at noon, the latest headlines, stories, opinion and photos from the Toronto Sun. Email Address There was an error, please provide a valid email address. Sign Up By clicking on the sign up button you consent to receive the above newsletter from Postmedia Network Inc. You may unsubscribe any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails. Postmedia Network Inc. | 365 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M4W 3L4 | 416-383-2300 Thanks for signing up! A welcome email is on its way. If you don't see it, please check your junk folder. The next issue of Your Midday Sun will soon be in your inbox. We encountered an issue signing you up. Please try again", 'image': 'https://smartcdn.gprod.postmedia.digital/torontosun/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/2DECDA5A-DD0A-476D-B689-5B6D9BD71405-e1642176832285.jpg?quality=100&strip=all', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:14'}

{'title': 'Ecopetrol files its Form 20-F for the Fiscal Year 2021', 'keywords': ['company', 'business', '2021', 'securities', 'forwardlooking', 'fiscal', '20f', 'statements', 'companys', 'exchange', 'reporting', 'financial'], 'polarity': 0.0326, 'subjectivity': 0.2046, 'link': 'https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ecopetrol-files-form-20-f-233400981.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:44', 'summary': 'BOGOTÁ, Colombia, April 26, 2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Ecopetrol S.A. (BVC: ECOPETROL; NYSE: EC) announced today the filing of its annual report under Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC").\nWith the filing of its annual report under Form 20-F, the Company complies with its reporting obligations with the SEC, the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), bondholders, and investors.\nInvestors may receive a hard copy of Ecopetrol\'s financial statements free of charge by making a request to investors@ecopetrol.com.co.\nThis press release contains business prospect statements, operating and financial result estimates, and statements related to Ecopetrol\'s growth prospects.\nWe do not intend and do not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements.', 'channel': 'finance.yahoo.com', 'text': 'BOGOTÁ, Colombia, April 26, 2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Ecopetrol S.A. (BVC: ECOPETROL; NYSE: EC) announced today the filing of its annual report under Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC").\n\nEcopetrol Logo.\n\nWith the filing of its annual report under Form 20-F, the Company complies with its reporting obligations with the SEC, the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), bondholders, and investors.\n\nThe annual report includes, among others, the financial statements of Ecopetrol in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) as adopted by the International Accounting Standards Board that were audited and certified in compliance with internal control over financial reporting by the auditing firm Ernst & Young Audit S.A.S. for the years 2019, 2020 and 2021. Investors may receive a hard copy of Ecopetrol\'s financial statements free of charge by making a request to investors@ecopetrol.com.co.\n\nThe 2021 Form 20-F can be found at the following link: https://www.sec.gov/ix?doc=/Archives/edgar/data/0001444406/000141057822001007/ec-20211231x20f.htm\n\nEcopetrol is the largest company in Colombia and one of the main integrated energy companies in the American continent, with more than 17,000 employees. In Colombia, it is responsible for more than 60% of the hydrocarbon production of most transportation, logistics, and hydrocarbon refining systems, and it holds leading positions in the petrochemicals and gas distribution segments. With the acquisition of 51.4% of ISA\'s shares, the company participates in energy transmission, the management of real-time systems (XM), and the Barranquilla - Cartagena coastal highway concession. At the international level, Ecopetrol has a stake in strategic basins in the American continent, with Drilling and Exploration operations in the United States (Permian basin and the Gulf of Mexico), Brazil, and Mexico, and, through ISA and its subsidiaries, Ecopetrol holds leading positions in the power transmission business in Brazil, Chile, Peru, and Bolivia, road concessions in Chile, and the telecommunications sector. This press release contains business prospect statements, operating and financial result estimates, and statements related to Ecopetrol\'s growth prospects. These are all projections and, as such, they are based solely on the expectations of the managers regarding the future of the company and their continued access to capital to finance the company\'s business plan. The realization of said estimates in the future depends on the behavior of market conditions, regulations, competition, the performance of the Colombian economy and the industry, among other factors, and are consequently subject to change without prior notice.\n\nStory continues\n\nThis release contains statements that may be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All forward-looking statements, whether made in this release or in future filings or press releases or orally, address matters that involve risks and uncertainties, including in respect of the Company\'s prospects for growth and its ongoing access to capital to fund the Company\'s business plan, among others. Consequently, changes in the following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those included in the forward-looking statements: market prices of oil & gas, our exploration, and production activities, market conditions, applicable regulations, the exchange rate, the Company\'s competitiveness and the performance of Colombia\'s economy and industry, to mention a few. We do not intend and do not assume any obligation to update these forward-looking statements.\n\nFor more information, please contact:\n\nActing Head of Capital Markets\n\nCarolina Tovar Aragón\n\nEmail: investors@ecopetrol.com.co\n\nHead of Corporate Communications\n\nMauricio Téllez\n\nEmail: mauricio.tellez@ecopetrol.com.co\n\nCision\n\nView original content:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ecopetrol-files-its-form-20-f-for-the-fiscal-year-2021-301533752.html\n\nSOURCE Ecopetrol S.A.', 'image': 'https://s.yimg.com/uu/api/res/1.2/ttOKEWjtww_d2i0iqYJzkw--~B/aD0xNDE7dz00MDA7YXBwaWQ9eXRhY2h5b24-/https://media.zenfs.com/en/prnewswire.com/64c1ec96f8270155ad7ed5540c6b4ea8', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:44'}
{'title': 'Wildpack Announces Listing of Convertible Debentures and Warrants on the TSX Venture Exchange', 'keywords': ['company', 'convertible', 'listing', 'venture', 'announces', 'tsx', 'forwardlooking', 'beverage', 'related', 'statements', 'exchange', 'debentures', 'date', 'warrants', 'results', 'risks', 'wildpack'], 'polarity': -0.0044, 'subjectivity': 0.2781, 'link': 'https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/WILDPACK-BEVERAGE-INC-122992084/news/Wildpack-Announces-Listing-of-Convertible-Debentures-and-Warrants-on-the-TSX-Venture-Exchange-40142728/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:26', 'summary': 'Wildpack commenced trading on May 19, 2021 , on the TSX Venture Exchange under the symbol "CANS" and commenced trading on February 23, 2022 , on the OTCQB® Venture Market under the symbol "WLDPF".\nCautionary Statement on Forward Looking InformationThis news release may contain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities laws.\nExcept as required by securities law, Wildpack does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, events or otherwise.\nNeither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in policies of the TSX Venture Exchange ) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.\nSOURCE Wildpack Beverage Inc.', 'channel': 'marketscreener.com', 'text': '/THIS NEWS RELEASE IS INTENDED FOR DISTRIBUTION IN CANADA ONLY AND IS NOT INTENDED FOR DISTRIBUTION TO UNITED STATES NEWSWIRE SERVICES OR DISSEMINATION IN THE UNITED STATES ./\n\nVANCOUVER, BC , April 25, 2022 /CNW/ - Wildpack Beverage Inc. (TSXV: CANS) (OTCQB: WLDPF) ("Wildpack" or the "Company"), a U.S. based fully integrated beverage contract packing company, is pleased to announce that, further to the Company\'s news release dated March 31, 2022 , the 8% unsecured convertible debenture units (the "Debentures") and the common share purchase warrants (the "Warrants") of the Company, issued pursuant to the $5.0 million overnight marketed offering that closed on March 31, 2023 , have been approved for listing on the TSXV under the symbol "CANS.DB.A" and "CANS.WT.B", respectively, and will begin trading on Monday April 25, 2022 .\n\nThe Debentures have a maturity date of March 31, 2026 (the "Maturity Date") and accrue interest at the rate of 8% per annum, payable quarterly in arrears. At the holders\' option, the Debentures may be convertible into common shares of the Company (the "Debenture Shares") at any time and from time to time, up to the Maturity Date, at a conversion price of $1.00 per Debenture Share.\n\nThe Warrants have an expiry date of March 31, 2024 (the "Warrant Expiry Date"), and each Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one common share of the Company at any time and from time to time, up to the Warrant Expiry Date, at a price of $1.50 per share.\n\nPer: "Mitch Barnard"\n\nMitch Barnard\n\nChief Executive Officer and Director\n\nAdvisors\n\nFasken Martineau DuMoulin LLP is the legal advisor to Wildpack Beverage Inc.\n\nVisit our investor website at:\n\nhttps://investor.wildpackbev.com\n\nAbout Wildpack\n\nWildpack is engaged in beverage manufacturing and packaging, operating in the middle market by providing sustainable aluminum can filling, decorating, packaging, and sleeve and label printing services to brands throughout the United States . Wildpack currently operates indirectly through its wholly owned subsidiaries and out of facilities in Baltimore, Maryland , Grand Rapids, Michigan , Atlanta, Georgia , Longmont, Colorado , Sacramento, California and Las Vegas, Nevada with a focus on digital innovation and green ready-to-drink packaging. Wildpack commenced trading on May 19, 2021 , on the TSX Venture Exchange under the symbol "CANS" and commenced trading on February 23, 2022 , on the OTCQB® Venture Market under the symbol "WLDPF".\n\nCautionary Statement on Forward Looking Information\n\nThis news release may contain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities laws. Forward-looking statements are based upon a number of estimates and assumptions that, while considered reasonable by management, are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive risks including but not limited to: risks related to the successful integration of acquisitions; risks related to operations; risks related to general economic conditions and credit availability, ability to obtain sufficient and suitable financing, actual results of current production and decorating, fluctuations in prices of aluminum; failure of plant, equipment or processes to operate as anticipated; accidents, labour disputes, title disputes, claims and limitations on insurance coverage and other risks of the co-packaging industry; delays in the completion of capex activities, changes in national and local government regulation of manufacturing operations and labour laws in light of the current COVID pandemic, tax rules and regulations, and political and economic developments where Wildpack operates. These statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as "may", "should", "will", "could", "intend", "estimate", "plan", "anticipate", "expect", "believe" or "continue", or the negative thereof or similar variations. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause future results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from the estimated future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements and the forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. Forward-looking statements expressed or implied by Wildpack are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, and conditions, many of which are outside of Wildpack\'s control, and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. Although Wildpack has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements, there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended. Forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the inherent risks and uncertainties related to Wildpack\'s business, including that Wildpack\'s assumptions in making forward-looking statements may prove to be incorrect; delays in filing of financial information; adverse market conditions; risks inherent in the beverage manufacturing and packaging sector in general; that future results may vary from historical results; and competition in the markets where Wildpack operates. Except as required by securities law, Wildpack does not assume any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, events or otherwise.\n\nNeither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in policies of the TSX Venture Exchange ) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.\n\nSOURCE Wildpack Beverage Inc.', 'image': 'https://www.marketscreener.com/images/twitter_MS_fdgris.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:26'}
{'title': 'Ikänik Farms Closes $3 Million Tranche of a $6M Investment Initiative to Build-Out Pideka', 'keywords': ['initiative', 'tranche', '6m', 'pideka', 'company', 'warrant', 'statements', 'facility', 'investment', 'cannabis', 'buildout', 'respect', 'million', 'share', 'information', 'ikänik', 'forwardlooking'], 'polarity': 0.0655, 'subjectivity': 0.2835, 'link': 'https://finance.yahoo.com/news/ik-nik-farms-closes-3-003300881.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:21', 'summary': 'Each whole Warrant will entitle the holder thereof to acquire an additional Share (each, a "Warrant Share") at a price of USD$0.30 per Warrant Share for a period of two years.\nForward Looking StatementsThis news release includes "forward-looking information" and "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Canadian securities laws and United States securities laws (together, "forward-looking information).\nWhen used in this news release, words such as "will", "could", "plan", "estimate", "aiming", "expect", "intend", "may", "potential", "believe", "should", and similar expressions, are forward-looking information.\nAs a result of these risks and uncertainties, the results or events predicted in the forward-looking information may differ materially from actual results or events.\nThe forward-looking information in this news release is made as of the date of this release.', 'channel': 'finance.yahoo.com', 'text': 'TORONTO, April 25, 2022 /PRNewswire/ - Ikänik Farms, Inc. (CSE: IKNK.U) (FSE: DFMA) (the "Company" or "Ikänik Farms") is pleased to announce the completion of the first tranche of a non-brokered private placement of 20,000,000 subordinate voting share units of the Company (the "Units") with Visualiza Business SL (the "Investor") at a price of USD$0.15 per Unit for aggregate gross proceeds of USD$3,000,000. Each Unit consists of one subordinate voting share (a "Share") of the Company and one-quarter of one Share purchase warrant (each, a "Warrant"). Each whole Warrant will entitle the holder thereof to acquire an additional Share (each, a "Warrant Share") at a price of USD$0.30 per Warrant Share for a period of two years. The Shares, Warrants and, if applicable, Warrant Shares will be subject to a statutory four month hold period.\n\nIkänik Farms Inc. Logo (CNW Group/Ikanik Farms Inc.)\n\nThe Investor will be entitled to appoint two independent directors to the Company\'s board of directors (the "Board") to fill the vacancies created by the resignations of Mr. Brian Baca and Mr. JJ Thomas from the Board. Following this, the Board will consist of three independent, non-executive directors and three executive directors.\n\nVisualiza Business SL. is an integrated management finance company with operating businesses in technology, leisure tourism, health, housing and communications across Spain. "We are proud to invest in the Company we believe has the strongest business model and the most effective indoor crop structure to supply the medicinal cannabis market in Europe" says Jose Ramón García Gonzalez, CEO Visualiza Business SL.\n\nThe use of the proceeds from the issuance of Units will go directly to further the completion of four indoor cultivation Bodegas at the Company\'s wholly owned subsidiary Pideka SAS ("Pideka") in Bogota, Colombia and general operating expenses. The Company is aiming to complete a second tranche of the non-brokered private placement of Units for $3M in the near future.\n\nStory continues\n\n"Pideka is on track to complete the construction of its 80,000 square foot, EUGMP certified facility with triple stacked grow rooms by Fall 2022, adding 9.8 tons to our annual output with an estimated annual production capacity of approximately 10.8 tons of THC cannabis flower said Mr. Sanz de Madrid, interim CEO. "We have been permitted to cultivate a total of 135,000 plants and derivatives for commercial exportation to the European Union for medicinal purposes and eligible for use in magistral formula nationally and internationally amongst participating LATAM countries" continued Mr. Sanz de Madrid.\n\n"This strategic investment is an important step to secure forward sales contracts for bulk pharmaceutical grade THC cannabis flower from leading global cannabis operators and our aim to be a trusted pharmaceutical supplier for psychoactive cannabis flower" said Mr. Sanz de Madrid.\n\nAbout Ikänik Farms\n\nIkänik Farms is multi-national operator with a medical grade indoor cultivation facility and laboratory (Pideka) in Colombia which holds GMP-PHARMA and (GACP) Good Agricultural and Collection Practice certifications, and retail operations in California.\n\nForward Looking Statements\n\nThis news release includes "forward-looking information" and "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Canadian securities laws and United States securities laws (together, "forward-looking information). All information, other than statements of historical facts, included in this news release that address activities, events or developments that the Company expects or anticipates will or may occur in the future is forward-looking information. When used in this news release, words such as "will", "could", "plan", "estimate", "aiming", "expect", "intend", "may", "potential", "believe", "should", and similar expressions, are forward-looking information. Forward-looking information in this news release includes statements with respect to: the composition of the Board following the Investor\'s appointment; the use of proceeds of the non-brokered private placement; statements with respect to any future tranches of the non-brokered private placement or other financings by the Company; statements with respect to the timing of completion of construction of the Pideka facility; statements with respect to the monthly output and estimated annual production capacity at the Pideka facility; and statements with respect to the Company\'s ability to secure forward sales contracts for bulk pharmaceutical grade THC cannabis flower from leading global cannabis operators. Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking information, there can be other factors that cause results, performance or achievements not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended, including, but not limited to: the inability of the Company to implement the changes to the Board; a change in the use of proceeds from the financing; the Company being unable to complete any additional financings on the terms described herein; material delays in the construction of the Pideka facility; the Company being unable to secure forward sales contracts as set out herein; changes in laws, a change in management, the inability to obtain additional financing, increased competition, hindering market growth and state adoption due to inconsistent public opinion and perception of the medical-use and adult-use marijuana industry and, regulatory or political change. There can be no assurance that such information will prove to be accurate or that management\'s expectations or estimates of future developments, circumstances or results will materialize. As a result of these risks and uncertainties, the results or events predicted in the forward-looking information may differ materially from actual results or events. The statements with respect to the anticipated production capacity (monthly and annual) at the Pideka facility are based on the following material factors and assumptions: the facility will be 80,000 square feet and consist of triple stacked grow rooms, with all space used for cultivation; the ratio of THC cannabis flower cultivated per square foot will be consistent with historical output; there being no material challenges with respect to pest control or diseases affecting cannabis plants; the costs to complete the Pideka facility and the facility will be completed by Fall of 2022 and there will be no material delays or stoppages in work in completing the facility. The Company believes there is a reasonable basis for the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements, however these expectations may not prove to be correct.\n\nAccordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information. The forward-looking information in this news release is made as of the date of this release. The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise such information, except as required by applicable law, and the Company does not assume any liability for disclosure relating to any other company mentioned herein.\n\nRelated Links\n\nhttps://ikanikfarms.com/\n\nCision\n\nView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/ikanik-farms-closes-3-million-tranche-of-a-6m-investment-initiative-to-build-out-pideka-301532477.html\n\nSOURCE Ikanik Farms Inc.', 'image': 'https://s.yimg.com/uu/api/res/1.2/3aKTyPBJCU6XAvA3q5IfXw--~B/aD0xMzE7dz0xNDQ7YXBwaWQ9eXRhY2h5b24-/https://media.zenfs.com/en/prnewswire.com/4fed39ca0d1e8efc73dc7a6ea93c4b51', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:21'}
{'title': 'VULCAN PROVIDES UPDATE ON MEXI', 'keywords': ['company', 'including', 'business', 'materials', 'vulcans', 'construction', 'mexi', 'statements', 'forwardlooking', 'risks'], 'polarity': 0.0408, 'subjectivity': 0.3119, 'link': 'https://www.gurufocus.com/news/1693558/vulcan-provides-update-on-mexico-operations', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:24', 'summary': 'PR NewswireBIRMINGHAM, Ala., April 25, 2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Vulcan Materials Company ( NYSE:VMC, Financial), the nation\'s largest producer of construction aggregates, today provided an update with respect to its Mexican operations.\n"We are making progress in our discussions with the Government of Mexico," said Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO of Vulcan Materials Company.\nIn discussions between Vulcan and senior Mexican officials earlier this month, Vulcan once again indicated its openness to supply construction materials needed for the construction of the Mayan Train and other infrastructure projects and to make port capacity available for transfer of train-related construction materials.\nStatements that are not historical fact, including statements about Vulcan\'s beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements.\nInvestor Contact: Mark Warren (205) 298-3220Media Contact: Janet Kavinoky (205) 298-3220View original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/vulcan-provides-update-on-mexico-operations-301531551.htmlSOURCE Vulcan Materials Company', 'channel': 'gurufocus.com', 'text': 'PR Newswire\n\nBIRMINGHAM, Ala., April 25, 2022 /PRNewswire/ -- Vulcan Materials Company ( NYSE:VMC, Financial), the nation\'s largest producer of construction aggregates, today provided an update with respect to its Mexican operations.\n\n"We are making progress in our discussions with the Government of Mexico," said Tom Hill, Chairman and CEO of Vulcan Materials Company. "Earlier this year, Mexico delayed issuing a historically routine three-year customs permit for Vulcan\'s deep-water port at Punta Venado. In March, we received that customs permit, which enabled us to continue servicing our customers."\n\nIn discussions between Vulcan and senior Mexican officials earlier this month, Vulcan once again indicated its openness to supply construction materials needed for the construction of the Mayan Train and other infrastructure projects and to make port capacity available for transfer of train-related construction materials. Vulcan also indicated an openness to adapt its mine plan to enable development and construction over time of a large-scale ecotourism project—suggested by the Government of Mexico—on land owned by the Company, as long as the Company can continue supplying its customers. Development could begin immediately on certain areas of the land owned by Vulcan from which reserves have already been depleted. Finally, Vulcan is also prepared to explore an expansion of the Punta Venado maritime terminal to receive passenger, freight and naval vessels in the coming years.\n\n"While there is more to be done before a final binding agreement can be reached, we are working toward a satisfactory resolution for all those involved that enables us to continue to supply aggregates to our customers," continued Mr. Hill.\n\nSince late 2018 and as previously disclosed, Vulcan Materials has been engaged in a NAFTA arbitration with Mexico over Mexico\'s repudiation of an agreement to unlock a portion of Vulcan\'s aggregates reserves in Mexico and the arbitrary shutdown of a portion of the Company\'s quarrying operations there. A hearing took place in July 2021, and a decision is expected in the second half of 2022. Vulcan has continued to engage with government officials to pursue an amicable resolution of the dispute while awaiting the final resolution from the NAFTA tribunal.\n\nThe Company has quarried limestone legally in Mexico—on land that it owns—for over 30 years. Vulcan is the sole owner of four lots of land south of Playa del Carmen, Quintana Roo, that together form its "Sac Tun" operation, formerly known as Calica. Vulcan has the right to maintain full property ownership over these lots, owns the limestone reserves in the same, and complies and has always complied with Mexican law, including the laws and permitting regulating our operations from which we service our customers both in Mexico and abroad.\n\nAbout Vulcan Materials Company\n\nVulcan Materials Company, a member of the S&P 500 Index with headquarters in Birmingham, Alabama, is the nation\'s largest supplier of construction aggregates – primarily crushed stone, sand and gravel – and a major producer of aggregates-based construction materials, including asphalt and ready-mixed concrete. For additional information about Vulcan, go to www.vulcanmaterials.com.\n\nFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT DISCLAIMER\n\nThis document contains forward-looking statements. Statements that are not historical fact, including statements about Vulcan\'s beliefs and expectations, are forward-looking statements. Generally, these statements relate to future financial performance, results of operations, business plans or strategies, projected or anticipated revenues, expenses, earnings (including EBITDA and other measures), dividend policy, shipment volumes, pricing, levels of capital expenditures, intended cost reductions and cost savings, anticipated profit improvements and/or planned divestitures and asset sales. These forward-looking statements are sometimes identified by the use of terms and phrases such as "believe," "should," "would," "expect," "project," "estimate," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "will," "can," "may" or similar expressions elsewhere in this document. These statements are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, including but not limited to general business conditions, competitive factors, pricing, energy costs, and other risks and uncertainties discussed in the reports Vulcan periodically files with the SEC.\n\nForward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results, developments, and business decisions may vary significantly from those expressed in or implied by the forward-looking statements. The following risks related to Vulcan\'s business, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements: general economic and business conditions; a pandemic, epidemic or other public health emergency, such as the COVID-19 outbreak; Vulcan\'s dependence on the construction industry, which is subject to economic cycles; the timing and amount of federal, state and local funding for infrastructure; changes in the level of spending for private residential and private nonresidential construction; changes in Vulcan\'s effective tax rate; the increasing reliance on information technology infrastructure, including the risks that the infrastructure does not work as intended, experiences technical difficulties or is subjected to cyber-attacks; the impact of the state of the global economy on Vulcan\'s businesses and financial condition and access to capital markets; risks related to international business operations and relationships, including recent actions taken by the Mexican government with respect to Vulcan\'s property and operations in that country; the highly competitive nature of the construction industry; the impact of future regulatory or legislative actions, including those relating to climate change, wetlands, greenhouse gas emissions, the definition of minerals, tax policy or international trade; the outcome of pending legal proceedings; pricing of Vulcan\'s products; weather and other natural phenomena, including the impact of climate change and availability of water; availability and cost of trucks, railcars, barges and ships as well as their licensed operators for transport of Vulcan\'s materials; energy costs; costs of hydrocarbon-based raw materials; healthcare costs; labor shortages and constraints; the amount of long-term debt and interest expense incurred by Vulcan; changes in interest rates; volatility in pension plan asset values and liabilities, which may require cash contributions to the pension plans; the impact of environmental cleanup costs and other liabilities relating to existing and/or divested businesses; Vulcan\'s ability to secure and permit aggregates reserves in strategically located areas; Vulcan\'s ability to manage and successfully integrate acquisitions; the effect of changes in tax laws, guidance and interpretations; significant downturn in the construction industry may result in the impairment of goodwill or long-lived assets; changes in technologies, which could disrupt the way Vulcan does business and how Vulcan\'s products are distributed; and other assumptions, risks and uncertainties detailed from time to time in the reports filed by Vulcan with the SEC. All forward-looking statements in this communication are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. Vulcan disclaims and does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement in this document except as required by law.\n\nInvestor Contact: Mark Warren (205) 298-3220\n\nMedia Contact: Janet Kavinoky (205) 298-3220\n\nView original content to download multimedia:https://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/vulcan-provides-update-on-mexico-operations-301531551.html\n\nSOURCE Vulcan Materials Company', 'image': 'https://www.gurufocus.com/favicon.ico', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:24'}
{'title': "Nirvana Reports Progress with Health Canada Dealer's License Application and Facility Development", 'keywords': ['based', 'license', 'life', 'dealers', 'development', 'company', 'future', 'application', 'statements', 'facility', 'sciences', 'canada', 'release', 'forwardlooking', 'pain'], 'polarity': 0.0476, 'subjectivity': 0.3315, 'link': 'https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nirvana-reports-progress-health-canada-124900991.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:25', 'summary': 'Vancouver, British Columbia--(Newsfile Corp. - April 26, 2022) - Nirvana Life Sciences Inc. (CSE: NIRV) (Nirvana or the "Company"), a Canadian based life sciences company aimed at developing non-addictive chronic pain and relapse preventing products is pleased to announce an update on licensing and development for its Vancouver Lab facility.\nThe Company applied for a Dealer\'s License from Health Canada in July of 2021.\nAll statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements.\nReaders are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements included in this document, as there can be no assurance that the plans, intentions or expectations upon which the forward-looking statements are based will occur.\nThe forward-looking statements contained herein are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement.', 'channel': 'finance.yahoo.com', 'text': 'Vancouver, British Columbia--(Newsfile Corp. - April 26, 2022) - Nirvana Life Sciences Inc. (CSE: NIRV) (Nirvana or the "Company"), a Canadian based life sciences company aimed at developing non-addictive chronic pain and relapse preventing products is pleased to announce an update on licensing and development for its Vancouver Lab facility.\n\nMr. Michael McCune, Vice President Operations commented, "We are pleased with the steady progress that our team is making on licensing. The application for the 29 different controlled substances will support all the projects that Nirvana\'s researchers have in the development pipeline."\n\n"Our team\'s focus on designing to the facility to the highest standard will ensure that our Research and Development projects meet the rigorous standards of Health Canada."\n\nThe Company applied for a Dealer\'s License from Health Canada in July of 2021. This License would permit research and development, manufacturing, import / export, sale to qualified investigators as well as sale to other Licensed Dealers in Canada for 29 different controlled substances, including novel compounds, consisting of different tryptamines, phenethylamines, ergolines and aryl cyclohexylamines. As part of its review, Health Canada has requested further detail on volumes of materials to be handled and produced within the facility.\n\nTo support this project, the company has engaged three leading firms with broad experience in this sector. CannDelta Inc., a scientific and regulatory consulting company based in Toronto, Ontario; Stratus Designs Ltd., a control systems specialist based in BC; and Orion GMP Solutions, a pharmaceutical process engineering specialist based in Rochester, Michigan.\n\nAbout Nirvana Life Sciences Inc.\n\nNirvana Life Sciences Inc. has been founded with a simple objective of researching and developing non-addictive pain management and relapse prevention products that can provide healthier outcomes for patients who live with chronic pain and/or have battled with addiction. Nirvana believes that using naturally sourced psychedelics in novel formulations holds the promise of delivering non-addictive solutions that are effective in managing pain and addiction. Nirvana\'s team, consisting of leading researchers from around the globe, will develop therapies that have the potential of freeing millions from addiction and saving society billions of dollars annually.\n\nStory continues\n\nFor further information:\n\nBruce Clark- CEO\n\ninfo@nirvanalifescience.com\n\nPhone: 604-401-8100\n\nForward-Looking Statements\n\nThis news release contains certain forward-looking statements and forward-looking information (collectively referred to herein as "forward- looking statements") within the meaning of Canadian securities laws including, without limitation, statements with respect to the future investments by the Company. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. Undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements, which are inherently uncertain, are based on estimates and assumptions, and are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties (both general and specific) that contribute to the possibility that the future events or circumstances contemplated by the forward-looking statements will not occur. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements contained in this press release, and the assumptions on which such forward-looking statements are made, are reasonable, there can be no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements included in this document, as there can be no assurance that the plans, intentions or expectations upon which the forward-looking statements are based will occur. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve numerous assumptions, known and unknown risks and uncertainties that contribute to the possibility that the predictions, forecasts, projections and other forward-looking statements will not occur, which may cause the Company\'s actual performance and results in future periods to differ materially from any estimates or projections of future performance or results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements contained in this news release are made as of the date hereof and the Company does not undertake any obligation to update publicly or to revise any of the included forward-looking statements, except as required by applicable law. The forward-looking statements contained herein are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement.\n\nTo view the source version of this press release, please visit https://www.newsfilecorp.com/release/121731', 'image': 'https://s.yimg.com/cv/apiv2/social/images/yahoo_default_logo-1200x1200.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:25'}
{'title': 'High Tide Reports Approximately $1.37 Million in Retail Sales on 4/20 and Releases Updated Cabana Club Membership Numbers - Technical420', 'keywords': ['securities', 'company', 'statements', 'cannabis', 'reports', 'tide', 'membership', 'release', 'prize', 'sales', 'forwardlooking'], 'polarity': 0.1359, 'subjectivity': 0.4261, 'link': 'https://technical420.com/cannabis-article/high-tide-reports-approximately-1-37-million-in-retail-sales-on-4-20-and-releases-updated-cabana-club-membership-numbers/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:13', 'summary': 'ABOUT HIGH TIDEHigh Tide is a leading retail-focused cannabis company with bricks-and-mortar as well as global e-commerce assets.\nFor more information about High Tide Inc., please visit www.hightideinc.com, its profile page on SEDAR at www.sedar.com, and its profile page on EDGAR at www.sec.gov.\nCAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSCertain statements in this news release are forward-looking information or forward-looking statements.\nForward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance and reflect current estimates, predictions, expectations or beliefs regarding future events.\nHigh Tide considers these assumptions to be reasonable in the circumstances.', 'channel': 'technical420.com', 'text': 'High Tide Inc. (“High Tide” or the “Company”) (Nasdaq: HITI) (TSXV: HITI) (FSE: 2LYA), a leading retail-focused cannabis company with bricks-and-mortar as well as global e-commerce assets, today announced approximately CAD$1,372,600 in total retail gross revenues (“Total Sales”) across all retail platforms on April 20, 2022 (4/20), representing a 76.21% increase from the previous Wednesday. The Company’s Canadian bricks-and-mortar stores reported a 63.05% increase, while sales across its e-commerce platforms (Grasscity.com, Smokecartel.com, Dailyhighclub.com, Dankstop.com, Nuleafnaturals.com, FABCBD.com, BlessedCBD.co.uk, and BlessedCBD.de) reported an increase of 129.41% over the previous Wednesday.\n\n4/20 PRIZE PACKAGE WINNER\n\nAs a celebration of the growth in the Company’s Cabana Club loyalty program and in commemoration of 4/20, High Tide selected the winner of this exclusive prize package through a random draw on April 20, 2022 at 4:20 PM Mountain Time. The prize package consists of a hybrid car valued at approximately $42,000, or a cash equivalent, as well as an all-expenses paid roundtrip to Calgary and dinner with Raj Grover, the Company’s President and Chief Executive Officer. The Company is excited to announce that the prize package has been awarded to Kyle Pinington.\n\n“These robust 4/20 sales numbers exceeded our expectations and are a reflection of our successful, rapid organic and acquisition-based growth strategy. Our Cabana Club loyalty program has also been growing impressively, standing at approximately 478,000 members as of yesterday, which is an increase of 95.1% since the launch of our discount club model six months ago on October 20, 2021. I am thrilled by the success of our Cabana Club prize package giveaway, which was the first of its kind in the North American cannabis sector, and based on all of the positive feedback from our members, I am pleased to announce that we have decided to make the contest an annual 4/20 tradition at Canna Cabana,” said Raj Grover, President and Chief Executive Officer of High Tide. “Our sales numbers and continued revenue growth, particularly from our e-commerce platforms, again validate our strategy with respect to growth in the United States which, unlike most of our competitors, is not reliant on federal cannabis legalization and is instead based on accretive acquisitions that drive revenue growth today. The future looks great for our continued momentum, and I look forward to all that is yet to come throughout the rest of 2022 and beyond,” added Mr. Grover.\n\nGRANT OF OPTIONS\n\nSeparately, High Tide granted 40,000 stock options to certain employees, pricing determined by the TSX Venture Exchange close price the day before this press release, exercisable over a period of three (3) years, that fully vest over a two (2) year period.\n\nABOUT HIGH TIDE\n\nHigh Tide is a leading retail-focused cannabis company with bricks-and-mortar as well as global e-commerce assets. The Company is the largest non-franchised Canadian retailer of recreational cannabis as measured by revenue, with 117 current locations spanning Ontario, Alberta, Manitoba, and Saskatchewan. High Tide was featured in the third annual Report on Business Magazine’s ranking of Canada’s Top Growing Companies in 2021 and was named as one of the top 10 performing diversified industries stocks in the 2022 TSX Venture 50™. The Company is also North America’s first and only cannabis discount club retailer, featuring Canna Cabana, Meta Cannabis Co., and Meta Cannabis Supply Co. banners, with additional locations under development across the country. High Tide’s portfolio also includes retail kiosk and smart locker technology – Fastendr™. High Tide has been serving consumers for over a decade through its established e-commerce platforms including Grasscity.com, Smokecartel.com, Dailyhighclub.com, and Dankstop.com and more recently in the hemp-derived CBD space through Nuleafnaturals.com, FABCBD.com, BlessedCBD.co.uk, and BlessedCBD.de, as well as its wholesale distribution division under Valiant Distribution, including the licensed entertainment product manufacturer Famous Brandz. High Tide’s strategy as a parent company is to extend and strengthen its integrated value chain, while providing a complete customer experience and maximizing shareholder value.\n\nNeither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.\n\nFor more information about High Tide Inc., please visit www.hightideinc.com, its profile page on SEDAR at www.sedar.com, and its profile page on EDGAR at www.sec.gov.\n\nCAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS\n\nCertain statements in this news release are forward-looking information or forward-looking statements. Such information and statements, referred to herein as “forward-looking statements” are made as of the date of this news release or as of the date of the effective date of information described in this news release, as applicable. Forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance and reflect current estimates, predictions, expectations or beliefs regarding future events. Any statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance (generally, forward-looking statements can be identified by use of words such as “outlook”, “expects”, “intend”, “forecasts”, “anticipates”, “plans”, “projects”, “estimates”, “envisages, “assumes”, “needs”, “strategy”, “goals”, “objectives”, or variations thereof, or stating that certain actions, events or results “may”, “can”, “could”, “would”, “might”, or “will” be taken, occur or be achieved, or the negative of any of these terms or similar expressions, and other similar terminology) are not statements of historical fact and may be forward-looking statements.\n\nSuch forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that may prove to be incorrect, including but not limited to the ability of High Tide to execute on its business plan and that High Tide will receive one or multiple licenses from Alberta Gaming, Liquor & Cannabis, British Columbia’s Liquor Distribution Branch, Liquor, Gaming and Cannabis Authority of Manitoba, Alcohol and Gaming Commission of Ontario or the Saskatchewan Liquor and Gaming Authority permitting it to carry on its Canna Cabana Inc. business. High Tide considers these assumptions to be reasonable in the circumstances. However, there can be no assurance that any one or more of the government, industry, market, operational or financial targets as set out herein will be achieved. Inherent in the forward-looking statements are known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results, performance or achievements, or industry results, to differ materially from any results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.\n\nThe forward‐looking statements contained herein are current as of the date of this news release. Except as required by law, High Tide does not have any obligation to advise any person if it becomes aware of any inaccuracy in or omission from any forward-looking statement, nor does it intend, or assume any obligation, to update or revise these forward-looking statements to reflect new events or circumstances. Any and all forward-looking statements included in this news release are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement, and except as otherwise indicated, are made as of the date of this news release.\n\nThis news release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any of the securities in the United States of America. The securities have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (the “1933 Act”) or any state securities laws and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to U.S. Persons (as defined in the 1933 Act) unless registered under the 1933 Act and applicable state securities laws, or an exemption from such registration is available.\n\nCONTACT INFORMATION\n\nMedia Inquiries\n\nOmar Khan\n\nSenior Vice President – Corporate and Public Affairs\n\nHigh Tide Inc.\n\nomar@hightideinc.com\n\nInvestor Inquiries\n\nVahan Ajamian\n\nCapital Markets Advisor\n\nHigh Tide Inc.\n\nvahan@hightideinc.com', 'image': 'https://technical420.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/High-Tide-Cannabis.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:13'}

{'title': 'Elon Musk to buy Twitter for $44B US', 'keywords': ['company', 'analyst', 'open', 'free', 'buy', 'price', '44b', 'elon', 'speech', 'deal', 'social', 'twitter'], 'polarity': 0.1477, 'subjectivity': 0.3999, 'link': 'https://www.cbc.ca/news/business/musk-twitter-monday-1.6429802?cmp=rss', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:13', 'summary': 'Elon Musk has sealed a deal to acquire Twitter for $44 billion US.\nMusk reiterated that it was his desire to ensure free speech that compelled him to take over the company.\nWATCH | Mixed reactions to Twitter deal: Elon Musk\'s acquisition of Twitter met with mixed reaction Duration 0:33 These residents of New York City were split on whether they approved or disapproved of Elon Musk becoming the owner of Twitter.\nWATCH | Analyst explains why Musk would want to buy Twitter:Twitter stockholders would get \'dream\' price with Musk bid, says analyst Duration 0:54 Wedbush Securities analyst Dan Ives says he sees big changes ahead for Twitter if Elon Musk is successful in his pricey bid for the social media company.\n"Taking private is going to have a lot of change for Twitter, but Musk just bet 20 per cent of his net worth on Twitter," Ives said.', 'channel': 'cbc.ca', 'text': 'Elon Musk has sealed a deal to acquire Twitter for $44 billion US.\n\nThe move comes after the richest man in the world started buying shares in the company in March, complaining that the social media network wasn\'t doing enough to ensure free speech.\n\nThe company rebuffed his advances for weeks before the two sides struck a deal over the weekend that was made official on Monday.\n\nThe purchase price of $54.20 a share is a 38 per cent premium to what the shares were worth before Musk\'s stake became public.\n\n"The Twitter board conducted a thoughtful and comprehensive process to assess Elon\'s proposal with a deliberate focus on value, certainty, and financing," Twitter chairman Bret Taylor said.\n\n"The proposed transaction will deliver a substantial cash premium, and we believe it is the best path forward for Twitter\'s stockholders."\n\nAt $44 billion US, the deal will be one of the largest leveraged buyouts in corporate history. More than $25 billion US of the purchase price will be financed with debt. Presuming that shareholders vote to accept the proposal, the deal also faces numerous regulatory hurdles.\n\nTwo Canadian banks — the Royal Bank of Canada and CIBC — were among a consortium of a dozen lenders who agreed to help Musk finance his bid, with Royal agreeing to lend Musk $750 million, and CIBC $400 million, according to a regulatory filing.\n\nMusk reiterated that it was his desire to ensure free speech that compelled him to take over the company.\n\n"Free speech is the bedrock of a functioning democracy, and Twitter is the digital town square where matters vital to the future of humanity are debated," Musk said Monday, adding that he wants to make the company\'s algorithm open source — that is, publicly accessible — to increase trust.\n\n"Twitter has tremendous potential," he said. "I look forward to working with the company and the community of users to unlock it."\n\nWATCH | Mixed reactions to Twitter deal: Elon Musk\'s acquisition of Twitter met with mixed reaction Duration 0:33 These residents of New York City were split on whether they approved or disapproved of Elon Musk becoming the owner of Twitter. 0:33\n\nRyan Holmes, founder of Vancouver-based tech company Hootsuite, says the move to open up the company\'s algorithm has huge potential.\n\nEffectively, the algorithm is a program that sorts content for the user and decides what content they should see, and Holmes says he\'s been "really bullish" on making it open source, which could be a "really powerful thing" for Twitter.\n\nHe said the problem with closed algorithms is that nobody knows why they\'re seeing the content they do, but with open source, "people are able to go in and look at it, to audit it, to understand what\'s getting served up and for what reasons."\n\nHolmes said opening it up would create "a lot of transparency" and "in Twitter doing this, it would force the hands of the other social networks."\n\nThe agreement is the latest twist in the fast-moving saga, which began under a month ago when Musk disclosed in a regulatory filing than he had quietly amassed 73 million shares in the company — more than any other single entity.\n\nWATCH | Analyst explains why Musk would want to buy Twitter:\n\nTwitter stockholders would get \'dream\' price with Musk bid, says analyst Duration 0:54 Wedbush Securities analyst Dan Ives says he sees big changes ahead for Twitter if Elon Musk is successful in his pricey bid for the social media company. 0:54\n\nAfter initially inviting him to join the board, the company eventually changed direction and set into motion a "poison pill" plan designed to make the company harder to take over.\n\nThe two sides came together to hammer out a deal over the weekend after Musk announced he had secured more than $46 billion for a takeover plan.\n\nWedbush analyst Daniel Ives, who covers Twitter, says while he expected the move, the price tag still came as a bit of a surprise.\n\n"Taking private is going to have a lot of change for Twitter, but Musk just bet 20 per cent of his net worth on Twitter," Ives said. "It\'s not just about freedom of speech."\n\nI hope that even my worst critics remain on Twitter, because that is what free speech means —@elonmusk\n\nKate Klonick, a professor of law at St. John\'s University in New York, said the news shines a light on just how much influence these massive social media giants have in our modern life.\n\n"This is exposing a lot of the problems that have long been there and that we\'ve been trying to grapple with for a long time," she said in an interview. "This is just a very dramatic kind of introduction of how quickly something like this can can change hands in terms of private enterprise."\n\nTechnology analyst Amber Mac says she has been an avid user of the service for several years, and has some concerns about what Musk\'s control of the company could mean.\n\n"Elon Musk is someone who is always talking about free speech in an absolute way, and I think that causes some potential concerns for people on the platform who are often already victims of bullying and harassment," she told CBC News.\n\n"If we see this platform go in a direction where there are no guardrails in place, I think this could mean a huge number of people potentially leaving."', 'image': 'https://i.cbc.ca/1.6430354.1650913984!/fileImage/httpImage/image.JPG_gen/derivatives/16x9_620/twitter-m-a-musk.JPG', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:13'}
{'title': 'Former U.S. President Donald Trump has his say on the war in Ukraine', 'keywords': ['reaction', 'free', 'protect', 'elon', 'speech', 'warned', 'social', 'musk', 'pass', 'twitter'], 'polarity': 0.0906, 'subjectivity': 0.4272, 'link': 'https://tickernews.co/former-u-s-president-donald-trump-has-his-say-on-the-war-in-ukraine/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:40', 'summary': 'Elon Musk has been warned he must protect Twitter users from harmful contentThis follows his $44 billion dollar deal to buy the social media giant.\nThe European Commission also warned Musk that he must protect users.\nMusk describes himself as a “free speech absolutist” and is passionate about making Twitter a genuine forum for free speech.\nBy “free speech”, I simply mean that which matches the law.\nIf people want less free speech, they will ask government to pass laws to that effect.', 'channel': 'tickernews.co', 'text': 'Elon Musk has been warned he must protect Twitter users from harmful content\n\nThis follows his $44 billion dollar deal to buy the social media giant.\n\nThe billionaire wants to relax content restrictions, sparking fears from human rights groups it could lead to a rise in bullying and misinformation.\n\nThe European Commission also warned Musk that he must protect users.\n\nNo-one knows exactly what the billionaire entrepreneur has planned, with even the Twitter boss acknowledging the future is uncertain.\n\nMusk describes himself as a “free speech absolutist” and is passionate about making Twitter a genuine forum for free speech.\n\nA short time ago Musk took to the platform he is buying… tweeting “The extreme antibody reaction from those who fear free speech says it all”\n\nThe extreme antibody reaction from those who fear free speech says it all — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) April 26, 2022\n\nHe went on to say he is against censorship that goes far beyond the law.\n\nBy “free speech”, I simply mean that which matches the law.\n\n\n\nI am against censorship that goes far beyond the law.\n\n\n\nIf people want less free speech, they will ask government to pass laws to that effect.\n\n\n\nTherefore, going beyond the law is contrary to the will of the people. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) April 26, 2022\n\n“If people want less free speech, they will ask government to pass laws to that effect.”\n\nThis follows his statement that Free speech is the bedrock of a functioning democracy when he first announced the deal with Twitter.\n\nThe social media firm faces growing pressure from politicians and regulators over the content that appears on twitter.\n\nIt has drawn critics from left and right over its efforts to mediate misinformation.', 'image': 'https://tickernews.co/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/trump.jpeg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:40'}
{'title': "Trudeau's oppression of vaccine-free Canadians demonstrates weakness, not strength", 'keywords': ['trudeaus', 'free', 'elon', 'accounts', 'strength', 'petition', 'demonstrates', 'speech', 'musk', 'vaccinefree', 'twitter', 'travel', 'oppression'], 'polarity': 0.0605, 'subjectivity': 0.4364, 'link': 'https://www.lifesitenews.com/blogs/trudeau-showing-weakness-by-continuing-to-oppress-canadians/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:24', 'summary': "In Canada, vaccine-free Canadians still cannot board a train or a plane and travel from one region of the country to another.\n— Article continues below Petition — PETITION: Ask Elon Musk to REINSTATE LifeSite's Twitter accounts Show Petition Text 7936 have signed the petition.\nAfter contentious negotiations, Tesla CEO Elon Musk has purchased Twitter, thereby transforming the tech giant into a private company.\nPlease SIGN and SHARE this petition to the new owner of Twitter, Elon Musk, asking him to reactivate LifeSiteNews' truth-telling Twitter accounts which have been suspended since early 2021.\nThank you for SIGNING and SHARING this petition to Elon Musk, urging him to now reinstate LifeSiteNews' suspended Twitter accounts.", 'channel': 'lifesitenews.com', 'text': 'Trudeau and his cronies can appeal to idealism and progressivism all they want, but even left-wingers get ticked off and want change when they are struggling to fill the tank.\n\n(LifeSiteNews) – As the world opens up and governments take their boots off the necks of innocent citizens, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is still pressing his foot down with measures that punish vaccine-free Canadians.\n\nCanada looks like the last Western nation where the federal government is still trapping its citizens in the country and not allowing them to fly domestically.\n\nA quick review of New Zealand, Australia, and Italy – all nations who have been as repressive as any – shows that in some cases there are no vaccine travel restrictions left at all, and in other cases it is sufficient to provide an immunity certificate or negative test. In Canada, vaccine-free Canadians still cannot board a train or a plane and travel from one region of the country to another.\n\nIn Canada, air and train travel are regulated by the federal government, even when you travel within the same province. The feds have made it so only a vaccine passport, or very limited jab exemptions, will afford you the opportunity to visit family, friends, or travel for work.\n\nThis means that if you lived in, let’s say, Kitchener, Ontario, you could not get on a VIA Rail train and travel to Toronto… even though you could travel from Kitchener to Toronto on a commuter train that is not under federal jurisdiction.\n\nIsn’t “science” wonderful!\n\nOh, and vaccine-free Canadians also can’t LEAVE the country. Unjabbed Canadians are told they can’t “put others at risk” by boarding a plane with vaccinated people (because vaccines suddenly…work?). Apparently, it is good for the unvaccinated to stay in Canada, even though … they are risk to everyone else who is protected by a vaccine?\n\nTrudeau’s insecurity on display\n\nNow, on the one hand it is quite easy to understand why Trudeau is acting like an evil dictator: he has proven himself to be an immoral tyrant on many occasions. However, given the fact that other leftist tyrants have eased up, it is clearly not just leftism or progressivism that causing him to trap Canadians indefinitely in their home like real-life versions of The Truman Show. (How fitting that it was Canadian Jim Carrey who starred in that film.)\n\nThere is something unique about Trudeau that is causing him to become “regressive” as the rest of the leftist dominated West is affording vaccine-free citizens their civil rights.\n\nTo the outside world, Trudeau may look like a confident – if not cringeworthy – tin-pot dictator, but in reality, he is a 50-year-old boy with little to no virtue. He is essentially a spoiled teenager who can remember lines and present himself well in a tailored suit and has a family name that tricked people into thinking he was competent.\n\nHis (Canadian) father, Pierre Trudeau, for all his faults, was shrewd and intelligent – even if evil. Justin Trudeau is evil and unintelligent and quite obtuse.\n\nI can’t help but think he believes he must prove himself as being his own verified dictator in order to fill his daddy’s shoes. Simply put, he is insecure and projecting.\n\n— Article continues below Petition — PETITION: Ask Elon Musk to REINSTATE LifeSite\'s Twitter accounts Show Petition Text 7936 have signed the petition. Let\'s get to 9000 ! Thank you for signing this petition! Add your signature: Show Petition Text Country... State... Sign this Petition Country... State... Sign this Petition Please SIGN and SHARE this petition to the new owner of Twitter, Elon Musk, asking him to reinstate LifeSiteNews\' truth-telling Twitter accounts which have been suspended since early 2021. After contentious negotiations, Tesla CEO Elon Musk has purchased Twitter, thereby transforming the tech giant into a private company. A self-styled "free speech absolutist," Mr. Musk\'s entrepreneurial spirit may define his approach to governing Twitter, where, in the marketplace of ideas, the best ideas - not those aided by censorship - will naturally prevail among the competition. Of course, there are limits to free speech. But, for too long, Big Tech giants (including, Twitter, Google, YouTube and Facebook) have subjected their conservative and Christian users to all forms of censorship, desperately trying to silence our voices. So if, as it seems, Mr. Musk will level the playing field for conservatives and Christians and allow a true exchange of ideas to occur on his platform, then we look forward to our chance to re-engage on Twitter. Please SIGN and SHARE this petition to the new owner of Twitter, Elon Musk, asking him to reactivate LifeSiteNews\' truth-telling Twitter accounts which have been suspended since early 2021. They are: https://twitter.com/LifeSite\n\nhttps://twitter.com/LSNCatholic\n\nhttps://twitter.com/WCDM_LSN\n\nhttps://twitter.com/WCEA_LSN These accounts have been blocked by the outgoing Twitter regime for more than a year for calling a ‘transgender woman’ (Assistant Secretary of Health, \'Rachel\' Levine), a man, and for tweeting an article about the same person. The article we tweeted makes mention of the troubling paradox of having a person who denies the basic science of the human anatomy be in an authoritative position in the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), but does not cast aspersions or any other such “hate speech” against Levine, according to Twitter’s "rules." It is our fervant hope that Mr. Musk intends to allow - rather than censor - our descriptions of reality as we know them to be true in regards to human sexuality, as well as in other areas of life. Mr. Musk evidently understands how significant freedom of speech is to the functioning of a free society as he was quoted as saying that this deal is important for "the future of civlization." LifeSiteNews believes that being able to spread the truth in charity is absolutely vital for the future of society, as the "truth shall make you free." (Jn 8:32) And so, in order for us to charitably spread the truth far and wide, we now seek to re-engage on Twitter\'s public square. Thank you for SIGNING and SHARING this petition to Elon Musk, urging him to now reinstate LifeSiteNews\' suspended Twitter accounts. FOR MORE INFORMATION: \'Free speech advocate Elon Musk buys Twitter for $44 billion\' - https://www.lifesitenews.com/news/breaking-elon-musk-buys-twitter \'Twitter suspends two LifeSite accounts for calling ‘transgender woman’ a man\' - https://www.lifesitenews.com/news/twitter-suspends-two-lifesite-accounts-for-calling-transgender-woman-a-man/ \'Do Catholics need a ‘free speech champion’ like Elon Musk?\' - https://www.lifesitenews.com/opinion/do-catholics-need-a-free-speech-champion-like-elon-musk/ **Photo Credit: Shutterstock.com Hide Petition Text Sign this Petition\n\nHis time is limited\n\nIt’s true that there will not be an election for at least three years—unless there is a snap election before Trudeau’s term is up. The New Democrats have cozied up to Trudeau in order to pretend they are a sane and legitimate party and have promised to prop up his regime. Promises don’t really mean anything when politicians make them, so we shouldn’t assume that the communists will be loyal to each other.\n\nHowever, it is obvious that public opinion is against Trudeau to a degree that he will not be able to withstand.\n\nThere is a reason why Trudeau had to resort to the Emergencies Act to squash the Freedom Convoy; no one wanted to stop it until they were forced to by law.\n\nThe various levels of provincial and municipal governance could have stopped the movement the way they stop any non-violent protest – but they didn’t want to.\n\nDoes this mean that the cops and all the citizens supported the convoy? Of course not, but I think that enough of them saw how absurd things have become and just wanted something to make the whole charade of 2020-2021-2022 go away.\n\nThe application of the Emergencies Act was wildly unpopular among Canadians, both on the Left and the Right. Leftists were happy to see the movement end but were unimpressed that Trudeau ended it in such an absurd way. Conservatives generally supported the movement, and therefore saw Trudeau as a complete lunatic for doing what he did.\n\nAll of this means that in the long run Trudeau is hurting his reputation, even among his base. This is not news for him as the Conservative leadership race heats up.\n\nFreedom is on the move\n\nWithout giving the impression that I think Canada is on the brink of some massive societal restoration, I would be remiss if I did not speak to the positives.\n\nCurrently, we are witnessing the first real Conservative leadership race in a long time. Pierre Pollievre is filling arenas and convention centres with freedom-loving crowds, and Leslyn Lewis is making leftist journalists look silly on national TV. It is worth remembering that we are talking about a leadership race, not an election, but the swell of right-wing uprising is palpable.\n\nIn fact, the last time something like this happened was after a groundswell of Christian/right-wing sentiment following years of leftist oppression under the former Trudeau and his successors.\n\nAs a result of that, we had Stephen Harper for a decade who, although not perfect, was a saint compared with Trudeau.\n\nThe economy is tanking in Canada, and goods and services are becoming prohibitively expensive for average people. Trudeau and his cronies can appeal to idealism and progressivism all they want, but even left-wingers get ticked off and want change when they are struggling to fill the tank.\n\nUltimately, Trudeau is continuing to trap vaccine-free Canadians from participating fully in society because he knows that if he pulls the plug on his last failing restriction, that his regime will go down the drain.\n\nKennedy Hall is an Ontario based journalist for LifeSiteNews. He is married with children and has a deep love for literature and political philosophy. He is the author of Terror of Demons: Reclaiming Traditional Catholic Masculinity, a non-fiction released by TAN books, and Lockdown with the Devil, a fiction released by Our Lady of Victory Press. He writes frequently for Crisis Magazine, Catholic Family News, and is on the editorial board at OnePeterFive.\n\nShare\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n', 'image': 'https://www.lifesitenews.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/GettyImages-1354093065.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:24'}
{'title': "Conservatives celebrate Elon Musk's purchase of Twitter by gleefully posting censored truths", 'keywords': ['free', 'accounts', 'mr', 'conservatives', 'gleefully', 'speech', 'petition', 'censored', 'musk', 'suspended', 'truths'], 'polarity': 0.1674, 'subjectivity': 0.453, 'link': 'https://www.lifesitenews.com/news/conservatives-celebrate-elon-musks-twitter-purchase-by-posting-obvious-but-controversial-truths/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:22', 'summary': "Please SIGN and SHARE this petition to the new owner of Twitter, Elon Musk, asking him to reinstate LifeSiteNews' truth-telling Twitter accounts which have been suspended since early 2021.\nAfter contentious negotiations, Tesla CEO Elon Musk has purchased Twitter, thereby transforming the tech giant into a private company.\nPlease SIGN and SHARE this petition to the new owner of Twitter, Elon Musk, asking him to reactivate LifeSiteNews' truth-telling Twitter accounts which have been suspended since early 2021.\nThank you for SIGNING and SHARING this petition to Elon Musk, urging him to now reinstate LifeSiteNews' suspended Twitter accounts.\nFOR MORE INFORMATION:'Free speech advocate Elon Musk buys Twitter for $44 billion' - https://www.lifesitenews.com/news/breaking-elon-musk-buys-twitter'Twitter suspends two LifeSite accounts for calling ‘transgender woman’ a man' - https://www.lifesitenews.com/news/twitter-suspends-two-lifesite-accounts-for-calling-transgender-woman-a-man/'Do Catholics need a ‘free speech champion’ like Elon Musk?'", 'channel': 'lifesitenews.com', 'text': 'Please SIGN and SHARE this petition to the new owner of Twitter, Elon Musk, asking him to reinstate LifeSiteNews\' truth-telling Twitter accounts which have been suspended since early 2021.\n\nAfter contentious negotiations, Tesla CEO Elon Musk has purchased Twitter, thereby transforming the tech giant into a private company.\n\nA self-styled "free speech absolutist," Mr. Musk\'s entrepreneurial spirit may define his approach to governing Twitter, where, in the marketplace of ideas, the best ideas - not those aided by censorship - will naturally prevail among the competition.\n\nOf course, there are limits to free speech. But, for too long, Big Tech giants (including, Twitter, Google, YouTube and Facebook) have subjected their conservative and Christian users to all forms of censorship, desperately trying to silence our voices.\n\nSo if, as it seems, Mr. Musk will level the playing field for conservatives and Christians and allow a true exchange of ideas to occur on his platform, then we look forward to our chance to re-engage on Twitter.\n\nPlease SIGN and SHARE this petition to the new owner of Twitter, Elon Musk, asking him to reactivate LifeSiteNews\' truth-telling Twitter accounts which have been suspended since early 2021. They are:\n\nhttps://twitter.com/LifeSite\n\nhttps://twitter.com/LSNCatholic\n\nhttps://twitter.com/WCDM_LSN\n\nhttps://twitter.com/WCEA_LSN\n\nThese accounts have been blocked by the outgoing Twitter regime for more than a year for calling a ‘transgender woman’ (Assistant Secretary of Health, \'Rachel\' Levine), a man, and for tweeting an article about the same person.\n\nThe article we tweeted makes mention of the troubling paradox of having a person who denies the basic science of the human anatomy be in an authoritative position in the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), but does not cast aspersions or any other such “hate speech” against Levine, according to Twitter’s "rules."\n\nIt is our fervant hope that Mr. Musk intends to allow - rather than censor - our descriptions of reality as we know them to be true in regards to human sexuality, as well as in other areas of life.\n\nMr. Musk evidently understands how significant freedom of speech is to the functioning of a free society as he was quoted as saying that this deal is important for "the future of civlization."\n\nLifeSiteNews believes that being able to spread the truth in charity is absolutely vital for the future of society, as the "truth shall make you free." (Jn 8:32)\n\nAnd so, in order for us to charitably spread the truth far and wide, we now seek to re-engage on Twitter\'s public square.\n\nThank you for SIGNING and SHARING this petition to Elon Musk, urging him to now reinstate LifeSiteNews\' suspended Twitter accounts.\n\nFOR MORE INFORMATION:\n\n\'Free speech advocate Elon Musk buys Twitter for $44 billion\' - https://www.lifesitenews.com/news/breaking-elon-musk-buys-twitter\n\n\'Twitter suspends two LifeSite accounts for calling ‘transgender woman’ a man\' - https://www.lifesitenews.com/news/twitter-suspends-two-lifesite-accounts-for-calling-transgender-woman-a-man/\n\n\'Do Catholics need a ‘free speech champion’ like Elon Musk?\' - https://www.lifesitenews.com/opinion/do-catholics-need-a-free-speech-champion-like-elon-musk/\n\n**Photo Credit: Shutterstock.com', 'image': 'https://www.lifesitenews.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/Elon-Musk-Twitter.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:22'}
{'title': "Trump won't return to Twitter after Elon Musk buyout, says he'll stick with his own platform", 'keywords': ['hell', 'free', 'trump', 'accounts', 'mr', 'platform', 'speech', 'petition', 'truth', 'twitter', 'suspended', 'buyout'], 'polarity': 0.1674, 'subjectivity': 0.453, 'link': 'https://www.lifesitenews.com/news/trump-says-he-wont-return-to-twitter-after-elon-musk-buyout-sticking-with-truth-social/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:37', 'summary': "Please SIGN and SHARE this petition to the new owner of Twitter, Elon Musk, asking him to reinstate LifeSiteNews' truth-telling Twitter accounts which have been suspended since early 2021.\nAfter contentious negotiations, Tesla CEO Elon Musk has purchased Twitter, thereby transforming the tech giant into a private company.\nPlease SIGN and SHARE this petition to the new owner of Twitter, Elon Musk, asking him to reactivate LifeSiteNews' truth-telling Twitter accounts which have been suspended since early 2021.\nThank you for SIGNING and SHARING this petition to Elon Musk, urging him to now reinstate LifeSiteNews' suspended Twitter accounts.\nFOR MORE INFORMATION:'Free speech advocate Elon Musk buys Twitter for $44 billion' - https://www.lifesitenews.com/news/breaking-elon-musk-buys-twitter'Twitter suspends two LifeSite accounts for calling ‘transgender woman’ a man' - https://www.lifesitenews.com/news/twitter-suspends-two-lifesite-accounts-for-calling-transgender-woman-a-man/'Do Catholics need a ‘free speech champion’ like Elon Musk?'", 'channel': 'lifesitenews.com', 'text': 'Please SIGN and SHARE this petition to the new owner of Twitter, Elon Musk, asking him to reinstate LifeSiteNews\' truth-telling Twitter accounts which have been suspended since early 2021.\n\nAfter contentious negotiations, Tesla CEO Elon Musk has purchased Twitter, thereby transforming the tech giant into a private company.\n\nA self-styled "free speech absolutist," Mr. Musk\'s entrepreneurial spirit may define his approach to governing Twitter, where, in the marketplace of ideas, the best ideas - not those aided by censorship - will naturally prevail among the competition.\n\nOf course, there are limits to free speech. But, for too long, Big Tech giants (including, Twitter, Google, YouTube and Facebook) have subjected their conservative and Christian users to all forms of censorship, desperately trying to silence our voices.\n\nSo if, as it seems, Mr. Musk will level the playing field for conservatives and Christians and allow a true exchange of ideas to occur on his platform, then we look forward to our chance to re-engage on Twitter.\n\nPlease SIGN and SHARE this petition to the new owner of Twitter, Elon Musk, asking him to reactivate LifeSiteNews\' truth-telling Twitter accounts which have been suspended since early 2021. They are:\n\nhttps://twitter.com/LifeSite\n\nhttps://twitter.com/LSNCatholic\n\nhttps://twitter.com/WCDM_LSN\n\nhttps://twitter.com/WCEA_LSN\n\nThese accounts have been blocked by the outgoing Twitter regime for more than a year for calling a ‘transgender woman’ (Assistant Secretary of Health, \'Rachel\' Levine), a man, and for tweeting an article about the same person.\n\nThe article we tweeted makes mention of the troubling paradox of having a person who denies the basic science of the human anatomy be in an authoritative position in the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), but does not cast aspersions or any other such “hate speech” against Levine, according to Twitter’s "rules."\n\nIt is our fervant hope that Mr. Musk intends to allow - rather than censor - our descriptions of reality as we know them to be true in regards to human sexuality, as well as in other areas of life.\n\nMr. Musk evidently understands how significant freedom of speech is to the functioning of a free society as he was quoted as saying that this deal is important for "the future of civlization."\n\nLifeSiteNews believes that being able to spread the truth in charity is absolutely vital for the future of society, as the "truth shall make you free." (Jn 8:32)\n\nAnd so, in order for us to charitably spread the truth far and wide, we now seek to re-engage on Twitter\'s public square.\n\nThank you for SIGNING and SHARING this petition to Elon Musk, urging him to now reinstate LifeSiteNews\' suspended Twitter accounts.\n\nFOR MORE INFORMATION:\n\n\'Free speech advocate Elon Musk buys Twitter for $44 billion\' - https://www.lifesitenews.com/news/breaking-elon-musk-buys-twitter\n\n\'Twitter suspends two LifeSite accounts for calling ‘transgender woman’ a man\' - https://www.lifesitenews.com/news/twitter-suspends-two-lifesite-accounts-for-calling-transgender-woman-a-man/\n\n\'Do Catholics need a ‘free speech champion’ like Elon Musk?\' - https://www.lifesitenews.com/opinion/do-catholics-need-a-free-speech-champion-like-elon-musk/\n\n**Photo Credit: Shutterstock.com', 'image': 'https://www.lifesitenews.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/trumpimpeachment.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:37'}

{'title': 'Indigenous leader presses for UN probe', 'keywords': ['probe', 'institutions', 'rights', 'school', 'presses', 'indigenous', 'investigations', 'schools', 'children', 'leader', 'investigate', 'residential', 'indian'], 'polarity': 0.0245, 'subjectivity': 0.2137, 'link': 'https://www.globaltimes.cn/page/202204/1260371.shtml', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:19', 'summary': 'People visit a memorial at the site of the former St. Paul Indian Residential School in North Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, on Aug. 10, 2021.\nThree British Columbia First Nations said they will work together to investigate the disappearance of indigenous children at the site of the former St. Paul\'s Indian Residential School in North Vancouver on Tuesday.\n(Phhoto: Xinhua)An indigenous leader on Monday pressed for UN investigations into alleged genocide by the Canadian government in "residential schools" for indigenous children.\n"Some people refer to these institutions as \'residential schools.\'\nPlease help us ensure that something like this never happens again, not just to us, but to anyone.', 'channel': 'globaltimes.cn', 'text': 'People visit a memorial at the site of the former St. Paul Indian Residential School in North Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, on Aug. 10, 2021. Three British Columbia First Nations said they will work together to investigate the disappearance of indigenous children at the site of the former St. Paul\'s Indian Residential School in North Vancouver on Tuesday. (Phhoto: Xinhua)\n\nAn indigenous leader on Monday pressed for UN investigations into alleged genocide by the Canadian government in "residential schools" for indigenous children."The Canadian government established what I call \'institutions of assimilation and genocide.\' These institutions were designed to kill the Indian and the child by forbidding them to speak their language, which disconnect them from their families and communities," said RoseAnne Archibald, national chief of the Assembly of First Nations, an organization for indigenous rights in Canada."Some people refer to these institutions as \'residential schools.\' I don\'t call them schools anymore because no school I ever attended had children buried in unmarked graves.Thousands and thousands of our children died in these institutions," she told reporters at UN Headquarters in New York after attending a session of the UN Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues."I\'m calling on the UN Special Rapporteur on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples, along with other special rapporteurs, to conduct full-fledged investigations of the circumstances and responsibilities surrounding these institutions, including full redress, criminal prosecutions and sanctions and other remedies for human rights violations, including genocide.""Canada must not be allowed to investigate itself. Please help us ensure that something like this never happens again, not just to us, but to anyone."The Royal Canadian Mounted Police, which is the federal police organization, would come into Indian communities and take children forcibly and they would threaten parents with arrest. How can that organization investigate itself or investigate Canada? It can\'t, she said."Canada\'s government established those institutions through policies and legislation. How can they possibly be independent and impartial when it shows that they are culpable and guilty of the deaths of our children?"She said her assembly has written to the UN Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights and made a formal request for investigations, but has not heard back yet.A number of lawyers went to the International Criminal Court in 2021 to ask for investigations into the possible gross human rights violations with respect to those institutions.The lawyers were turned away, she said."I believe that we\'re gonna continue to press on the ICC to also look at this situation in Canada with respect to our children, who went to those institutions and those children who died in those institutions especially."Xinhua', 'image': 'https://www.globaltimes.cn/images/gfavicon.ico', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:19'}
{'title': 'Ryerson to be renamed Toronto Metropolitan University', 'keywords': ['students', 'faculty', 'indigenous', 'schools', 'toronto', 'change', 'school'], 'polarity': 0.1511, 'subjectivity': 0.3282, 'link': 'https://www.thestar.com/news/gta/2022/04/26/ryerson-to-be-renamed-toronto-metropolitan-university.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:27', 'summary': 'Ryerson University is changing its name to Toronto Metropolitan University following years of outcry from staff, students, the public and Indigenous communities.\n“I cannot think of a better name than Toronto Metropolitan University,” said president Mohamed Lachemi in a statement.\nSo long, Ryerson,” Hayden King of the Yellowhead Institute at Toronto Metropolitan University tweeted.\nToronto Metropolitan University has also collaborated with LinkedIn to allow alumni to change the school’s name on their profile within a few days after the name change announcement.\nPrevious corporate and public names of the university are: Ryerson Institute of Technology in 1948, Ryerson Polytechnical Institute in 1964 and Ryerson Polytechnic University in 1993, which was shortened to Ryerson University in 2002.', 'channel': 'thestar.com', 'text': "Ryerson University is changing its name to Toronto Metropolitan University following years of outcry from staff, students, the public and Indigenous communities.\n\nThis comes after the school faced criticism by community members around its resistance to take urgent action on stripping the name of the school.\n\n“I cannot think of a better name than Toronto Metropolitan University,” said president Mohamed Lachemi in a statement. “Metropolitan is a reflection of who we have always been — an urban institution dedicated to excellence, innovation and inclusion and who we aim to be — a place where all feel welcome, seen, represented and celebrated.”\n\nThe school announced the name change Tuesday afternoon following a vote by its board of governors who approved the name recommended by Lachemi. Over 30,000 names were submitted for consideration to the renaming advisory committee and ultimately 2,600 potiential names were reviewed.\n\nJennifer S. Simpson, the provost and vice-president, academic and chair of the committee said in a press release that through community engagement, they learned there was a “strong desire” across groups of students, faculty, and alumni for the name to reference a place or location.\n\nIn 2021, the school embarked on a renaming process following years of calls that the university drop its name, which honoured Egerton Ryerson. This also follows a summer of protest by students, advocates and Indigenous leaders which led to the toppling of Ryerson’s statue on Gould St. after the discovery of 215 unmarked graves at a Kamloops residential school in May 2021.\n\nEgerton Ryerson, a Methodist minister and superintendent of schools for Upper Canada, was the architect behind the 1847 Ryerson Report, which laid the foundation for residential schools in Canada.\n\nThe residential school system saw Indigenous children taken from their families in an attempt to assimilate them at national, government-funded Catholic schools that often abused and starved children and lead to thousands of deaths.\n\nLast June, 18 Indigenous faculty at the university wrote an open letter that called on the school to change its name. The letter called for “removing the face and name of a symbol of oppression, violence and pain.”\n\nOver the last year, more unmarked graves have been identified by authorities across the country, and a process of excavating children’s remains from school sites has begun.\n\n“Why not? Fantastic name. Wonderful. I am proud to be a part of the generation of Indigenous students, faculty and staff that made this happen. So long, Ryerson,” Hayden King of the Yellowhead Institute at Toronto Metropolitan University tweeted.\n\nIan Mosby, a historian of Indigenous health at the school, also tweeted his support for the new name, calling it “pretty good.”\n\n“Getting the university renamed wouldn't have happened without decades of organizing and struggle by Black and Indigenous students and faculty. I’m grateful for all their work,” he said.\n\nThose who graduated from the school before 2022 can either keep their existing degree that contains the “Ryerson” name or request a reissue of the degree that bears the Toronto Metropolitan name.\n\nThe Ryerson University Act must be officially amended before changes to degrees can be made, according to the school’s website. The act is provincial legislation that allow the university to operate.\n\nToronto Metropolitan University has also collaborated with LinkedIn to allow alumni to change the school’s name on their profile within a few days after the name change announcement.\n\nPrevious corporate and public names of the university are: Ryerson Institute of Technology in 1948, Ryerson Polytechnical Institute in 1964 and Ryerson Polytechnic University in 1993, which was shortened to Ryerson University in 2002.\n\nRead more about:\n\nSHARE:", 'image': 'https://images.thestar.com/_hsmQj3y7ydXsPbRZCrakOVB5xY=/1200x892/smart/filters:cb(1651009607986)/https://www.thestar.com/content/dam/thestar/news/gta/2022/04/26/ryerson-to-be-renamed-toronto-metropolitan-university/ryerson_sign_removed.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:27'}
{'title': 'AFN National Chief Wants UN Investigation of Canada', 'keywords': ['work', 'school', 'rights', 'launch', 'nations', 'schools', 'chief', 'residential', 'investigation', 'violations'], 'polarity': 0.137, 'subjectivity': 0.3531, 'link': 'https://www.highnorthnews.com/en/afn-national-chief-wants-un-investigation-canada', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:18', 'summary': "Assembly of First Nations National Chief RoseAnne Archibald asked the United Nations on Monday to launch an investigation into Canada's possible role in violations of human rights associated with residential schools, CBC Canada reports.\nMore than 150,000 children attended residential schools in Canada from the 1830s until the last school closed in 1997.\nIn the latest federal budget, Ottawa set aside $10.4 million over two years for Justice Canada to appoint a special interlocutor to work with Indigenous Peoples to protect and preserve unmarked burial sites.\nJustice Minister David Lametti said the interlocutor's work wouldn't be affected by a UN investigation.\nAlong with the UN, Archibald is pressing the International Criminal Court to launch its own investigation of Canada's residential school record for gross violations of human rights.", 'channel': 'highnorthnews.com', 'text': "Assembly of First Nations National Chief RoseAnne Archibald asked the United Nations on Monday to launch an investigation into Canada's possible role in violations of human rights associated with residential schools, CBC Canada reports. More than 150,000 children attended residential schools in Canada from the 1830s until the last school closed in 1997.\n\nIn the latest federal budget, Ottawa set aside $10.4 million over two years for Justice Canada to appoint a special interlocutor to work with Indigenous Peoples to protect and preserve unmarked burial sites.\n\nJustice Minister David Lametti said the interlocutor's work wouldn't be affected by a UN investigation.\n\nAlong with the UN, Archibald is pressing the International Criminal Court to launch its own investigation of Canada's residential school record for gross violations of human rights.", 'image': 'https://www.highnorthnews.com/themes/custom/hnn_theme/favicon.ico', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:18'}
{'title': "Rio carnival celebrates Brazil's African roots after two year years of waiting", 'keywords': ['night', 'parade', 'african', 'great', 'indigenous', 'brazils', 'schools', 'carnival', 'samba', 'school', 'black'], 'polarity': 0.1093, 'subjectivity': 0.4655, 'link': 'https://www.africanews.com/2022/04/25/rio-carnival-celebrates-brazil-s-african-roots-after-two-year-years-of-waiting/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:03', 'summary': 'Giant elephants on majestic floats, baobabs, black superheroes: the parades of the Rio carnival ended Sunday, celebrating the African roots of Brazil.\nBeija-Flor and Salgueiros samba schools staged a parade for the first night of the carnival and unveiled themes dealing with racism or Afro-Brazilian culture and history.\n"The Rio carnival is made by black people.\nThe Unidos da Tijuca parade notably exhibited a huge float with charred trees, with fire-breathing dragon heads representing the destroyers of the environment.\nThe carnival was canceled in 2021 and postponed to this year due to Covid.', 'channel': 'africanews.com', 'text': 'Giant elephants on majestic floats, baobabs, black superheroes: the parades of the Rio carnival ended Sunday, celebrating the African roots of Brazil.\n\nBeija-Flor and Salgueiros samba schools staged a parade for the first night of the carnival and unveiled themes dealing with racism or Afro-Brazilian culture and history.\n\nThough the topics come to significant play in a country where the current president has faced numerous accusations of racism, the irrepressible desire to party was evident after what has been enormous suffering during the Covid-19 pandemic.\n\nA spirit summarized wonderfully during the ultra-colored and delirious parade of the school of samba Grande Rio, an ode to the transgression and the madness of the carnival, with monumental floats and dancers with shimmering costumes that enchanted some 70.000 spectators.\n\nIn a sambodrome in trance, this school of Duque de Caxias, a poor suburb north of Rio, highlighted Exu, the Afro-Brazilian deity of the party, often demonized by the neo-pentecostal churches that support the far-right president Jair Bolsonaro.\n\n- "Affirming my identity" -\n\nParaiso do Tuiuti, the first of six schools to march on Saturday night, had paid tribute to great black figures from around the world, from Nelson Mandela to Barack Obama, RuPaul or Beyoncé.\n\n"It is really the good moment to approach this topic, to emphasize black leaders, because we live a complicated period, with full of prejudices", said to the AFP Felipe Cordeiro, hairdresser of 32 years come especially of Vitoria, in more than 500 km of Rio, to march.\n\n"My heart is beating a thousand times a hour, this will be my first time, I\'m sure it will be magical," he added, just before entering the dance.\n\nAnd the magic was really there: the spectators were amazed when they saw the superhero Black Panther appearing like lightning from a float representing the fictional kingdom of Wakanda, thanks to an ingenious system of mechanical beams.\n\n"The Rio carnival is made by black people. To take part in this festival, it allows me to affirm my identity", says to the AFP Camila Oliveira, 32 years old teacher.\n\n- Guarana and natives -\n\nThe carnival, which often represents all the diversity of the Brazilian society, also made the beautiful part to the natives, guardians of the safeguard of the Amazonian forest, one of the main ramparts against the global warming.\n\nThe forest is full of natural resources, such as guarana, a fruit with many nutritional and therapeutic virtues, a theme chosen by the Unidos da Tijuca school, with the refrain for its song: "Indigenous child, the forest is yours".\n\nThis is a burning topic, as deforestation reaches record levels since the election of Jair Bolsonaro.\n\nThe Unidos da Tijuca parade notably exhibited a huge float with charred trees, with fire-breathing dragon heads representing the destroyers of the environment.\n\nIn another float, representatives of indigenous peoples held up signs demanding the demarcation of new reserves for indigenous people and protesting against a bill brought by allies of the Bolsonaro government to legalize mining exploration in these territories.\n\nThe sambodrome also saw a veritable menagerie of giant animals on parade: crocodiles, jaguars, snakes and, above all, a larger-than-life white elephant, at least as large as a prehistoric mammoth.\n\nSix other schools had already paraded in the night of Friday to Saturday and they were thus 12 in total to dispute the title of great champion of the carnival, each parade being rated by the jurors, according to nine criteria, like the quality of the floats or the costumes.\n\nBut for those who live in samba all year, the fact of marching at this unusual time, two months after the date initially planned, is already a great victory.\n\nThe carnival was canceled in 2021 and postponed to this year due to Covid.', 'image': 'https://static.euronews.com/articles/stories/06/65/17/90/1024x538_cmsv2_99308728-bb04-5fbd-be22-66489854eb14-6651790.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:03'}

{'title': "MAKICHUK: Canada's spy plane purchase is way off-target", 'keywords': ['canadian', 'surveillance', 'purchase', 'air', 'king', '350er', 'military', 'canadas', 'aircraft', 'offtarget', 'used'], 'polarity': 0.0363, 'subjectivity': 0.2541, 'link': 'https://westernstandardonline.com/2022/04/makichuk-canadas-spy-plane-purchase-is-way-off-target/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:25', 'summary': 'With a combined price tag of $247 million, Canada’s new 350ER King Air spy planes will be fitted with cutting-edge surveillance gear such as MX-15D targeting equipment.\nThe gear features a powerful camera similar to those used in Ukraine to follow Russian troop movements and target airstrikes.\nHe described the 350ER King Air aircraft as a “very sophisticated platform” due to its state-of-the-art sensors and warning systems.\n350ER King Air aircraftFolks … let’s have a closer look at this.\nAccording to The Defense Post, developed by Textron Aviation’s Beechcraft, the 350ER King Air has reportedly become a “popular basis” for intelligence, surveillance, target acquisition and reconnaissance.', 'channel': 'westernstandardonline.com', 'text': 'I just about spit up my morning coffee (Sumatran by the way), on my MacBook keyboard.\n\nAn official comment that was so ridiculous I had to catch my breath and suppress my rage.\n\nThe existential vomit that was brewing in me. Take five, Dave, take five.\n\nI have tons of emails and stories to look over every morning. I have the time to do this because I’m semi-retired.\n\nIt’s part of my job now, as a columnist with several websites, including the Western Standard.\n\nIt’s a great privilege and I enjoy it.\n\nBut this one really took the cake.\n\nIt was a story that ran in The Defense Post, as follows:\n\nThe Canadian military is acquiring three spy planes under a US foreign military sales agreement to boost its aerial surveillance and reconnaissance capabilities.\n\nWith a combined price tag of $247 million, Canada’s new 350ER King Air spy planes will be fitted with cutting-edge surveillance gear such as MX-15D targeting equipment.\n\nThe gear features a powerful camera similar to those used in Ukraine to follow Russian troop movements and target airstrikes.\n\nOnce in service, the 350ER King Air aircraft will be used by the Canadian Special Operations Forces Command for missions “at home and abroad.”\n\nOK, that was the news, but check out this follow-up statement …\n\nFor retired Canadian lieutenant-colonel Steve Day, the spy plane can not only be used in international military missions but also to address domestic terrorist threats.\n\nHe described the 350ER King Air aircraft as a “very sophisticated platform” due to its state-of-the-art sensors and warning systems.\n\n350ER King Air aircraft\n\nFolks … let’s have a closer look at this.\n\nLet’s analyze it and see what this really means for you and me. These are your tax dollars and you deserve to know what is going on here.\n\nIt’s clear these aircraft are state of the art. No question about that.\n\nAccording to The Defense Post, developed by Textron Aviation’s Beechcraft, the 350ER King Air has reportedly become a “popular basis” for intelligence, surveillance, target acquisition and reconnaissance.\n\nIt can fly up to 2,311 nautical miles (4,279 kilometers/2,659 miles) and carry up to 10 personnel, including two crew, the report said. Its maximum speed is 303 knots (561 km/h-348 mph).\n\nOfficially, the sale will support the foreign policy and national security objectives of the US by helping to improve the military capability of Canada.\n\nThat is a cool toy, right? A very cool toy.\n\nWill it be used by CSIS, Counter Narcotics (RCMP) or the military? They say Canadian Special Operations Forces Command, but what the hell does that mean?\n\nFurther, who in God’s name will it be used against?\n\nIf it was to be used internationally — against the Islamic State in northern Iraq or in Syria — the aircraft would have to be ferried to its location. Does that sound practical to you?\n\nInstead, why wouldn’t we buy ARTEMIS (the Airborne Reconnaissance and Target Exploitation Multi-Mission System) in the Bombardier Challenger 650, currently being used by the US Army over Eastern Europe?\n\nNo, these King Airs aren’t going anywhere, so to speak. They will be used in Canada. And it doesn’t take a college grad to figure that out.\n\nWe know they won’t be used in the Arctic against the Russians.\n\nCanada is looking at buying P-8A Poseidon long-range maritime aircraft from Boeing to replace its aging fleet of CP-140 Auroras, as part of the never-ending Canadian Multi-Mission Aircraft (CMMA) project.\n\nA replacement program that should have happened years ago.\n\nNo … my fear, my great fear, is they will be used against us. That’s right, us.\n\nThose evil “Nazi” truckers and Bouncy Castle revolutionaries — people who have different ideas that they don’t like, people they fear.\n\nThe Fred and Marthas who donated to the Freedom Convoy, who were vilified by a cowardly prime minister who ran and hid.\n\nPeople like me, who write the truth. People who don’t shovel their driveways or people who like Sean Penn. Take your pick.\n\nGod forbid they use it against eco-terrorists in northern BC. No, that would make sense.\n\nAccording to my intel sources, because we have so very few internal threats (other than Iraqi and Russian embassy staff under 24/7 surveillance), they will have to pull old security files.\n\nKeep in mind that one in four Canadians has an RCMP file.\n\nYou thought you had freedom? Say goodnight, Virginia. The new era has arrived, and “we” are the enemy.\n\nClearly, they will have to dig deep, very deep to find new threats — even if they have to invent them to keep those shiny twin-engine beauties flying.\n\nYour basic, “Round up the usual suspects,” so they can justify this expense.\n\nJust imagine, folks, everything you ever texted on your cellphone or said on social media, every inch of metadata, is being tracked and monitored by the Communications Security Establishment (CSE), Canada’s other spy agency.\n\nI’m sorry, but this spy plane deal is a joke. This is a waste of money.\n\nWhy?\n\nSimple. Ask any eight-year old, who asks his mom and dad to buy them a Chinese-made DJI drone at Amazon.\n\nThe truth of the matter is that drones are far cheaper, more effective and easier to deploy anywhere in the world.\n\nInterestingly, they could be fully operated and controlled from Spec Ops Command in Petawawa, Ont.\n\nAs we speak, drones are re-writing the rules of war over Ukraine and kicking Russian ass. They are a proven commodity.\n\nThe other thing the RCMP Air Service has employed its spy planes over Canadian cities for decades, one of which was LCT (Lima Charlie Tango).\n\nFor entertainment, I used to tune in on my Sony air radio to hear them talk with Air Traffic Control — it was laughable. Literally anyone, any bad guy in southern Alberta, could hear everything they said.\n\nCities like Calgary also have the HAWCS helicopter for surveillance and watch-list harassment.\n\nSo why in God’s name are we buying these things? Why are we buying a howitzer to kill a mosquito?\n\nIs it because allies like Australia, New Zealand, the UK, and the US have them and we have to keep up with the neighbourhood?\n\nThat’s probably a big part of it, I would think — the potential for near-real-time data transfer and interoperability with allies. \u202a\n\nBe there or be square, as they say.\n\nThe other part: I think it’s clear there’s a big new intelligence push happening in Canada. It’s a scary world out there and it’s getting scarier.\n\nCall it the Putin factor, the ISIS factor, the Trucker factor … whatever.\n\nBut it’s happening and you, my friends, are going to pay for it with your tax dollars whether you like it or not.\n\nThe cost in freedom is yet to be determined.\n\nDave Makichuk is a Western Standard contributor.\n\nPTacitus27@gmail.com', 'image': 'https://westernstandardonline.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/maj2-1000x600.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:25'}
{'title': "ROUILLARD: 215 dead children - Where's the proof?", 'keywords': ['canadian', 'surveillance', 'wheres', 'target', 'air', 'king', '350er', 'military', 'spy', 'aircraft', 'rouillard', 'used'], 'polarity': 0.0363, 'subjectivity': 0.2541, 'link': 'https://westernstandardonline.com/2022/04/rouillard-215-dead-children-wheres-the-proof/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:16', 'summary': 'With a combined price tag of $247 million, Canada’s new 350ER King Air spy planes will be fitted with cutting-edge surveillance gear such as MX-15D targeting equipment.\nThe gear features a powerful camera similar to those used in Ukraine to follow Russian troop movements and target airstrikes.\nHe described the 350ER King Air aircraft as a “very sophisticated platform” due to its state-of-the-art sensors and warning systems.\n350ER King Air aircraftFolks … let’s have a closer look at this.\nAccording to The Defense Post, developed by Textron Aviation’s Beechcraft, the 350ER King Air has reportedly become a “popular basis” for intelligence, surveillance, target acquisition and reconnaissance.', 'channel': 'westernstandardonline.com', 'text': 'I just about spit up my morning coffee (Sumatran by the way), on my MacBook keyboard.\n\nAn official comment that was so ridiculous I had to catch my breath and suppress my rage.\n\nThe existential vomit that was brewing in me. Take five, Dave, take five.\n\nI have tons of emails and stories to look over every morning. I have the time to do this because I’m semi-retired.\n\nIt’s part of my job now, as a columnist with several websites, including the Western Standard.\n\nIt’s a great privilege and I enjoy it.\n\nBut this one really took the cake.\n\nIt was a story that ran in The Defense Post, as follows:\n\nThe Canadian military is acquiring three spy planes under a US foreign military sales agreement to boost its aerial surveillance and reconnaissance capabilities.\n\nWith a combined price tag of $247 million, Canada’s new 350ER King Air spy planes will be fitted with cutting-edge surveillance gear such as MX-15D targeting equipment.\n\nThe gear features a powerful camera similar to those used in Ukraine to follow Russian troop movements and target airstrikes.\n\nOnce in service, the 350ER King Air aircraft will be used by the Canadian Special Operations Forces Command for missions “at home and abroad.”\n\nOK, that was the news, but check out this follow-up statement …\n\nFor retired Canadian lieutenant-colonel Steve Day, the spy plane can not only be used in international military missions but also to address domestic terrorist threats.\n\nHe described the 350ER King Air aircraft as a “very sophisticated platform” due to its state-of-the-art sensors and warning systems.\n\n350ER King Air aircraft\n\nFolks … let’s have a closer look at this.\n\nLet’s analyze it and see what this really means for you and me. These are your tax dollars and you deserve to know what is going on here.\n\nIt’s clear these aircraft are state of the art. No question about that.\n\nAccording to The Defense Post, developed by Textron Aviation’s Beechcraft, the 350ER King Air has reportedly become a “popular basis” for intelligence, surveillance, target acquisition and reconnaissance.\n\nIt can fly up to 2,311 nautical miles (4,279 kilometers/2,659 miles) and carry up to 10 personnel, including two crew, the report said. Its maximum speed is 303 knots (561 km/h-348 mph).\n\nOfficially, the sale will support the foreign policy and national security objectives of the US by helping to improve the military capability of Canada.\n\nThat is a cool toy, right? A very cool toy.\n\nWill it be used by CSIS, Counter Narcotics (RCMP) or the military? They say Canadian Special Operations Forces Command, but what the hell does that mean?\n\nFurther, who in God’s name will it be used against?\n\nIf it was to be used internationally — against the Islamic State in northern Iraq or in Syria — the aircraft would have to be ferried to its location. Does that sound practical to you?\n\nInstead, why wouldn’t we buy ARTEMIS (the Airborne Reconnaissance and Target Exploitation Multi-Mission System) in the Bombardier Challenger 650, currently being used by the US Army over Eastern Europe?\n\nNo, these King Airs aren’t going anywhere, so to speak. They will be used in Canada. And it doesn’t take a college grad to figure that out.\n\nWe know they won’t be used in the Arctic against the Russians.\n\nCanada is looking at buying P-8A Poseidon long-range maritime aircraft from Boeing to replace its aging fleet of CP-140 Auroras, as part of the never-ending Canadian Multi-Mission Aircraft (CMMA) project.\n\nA replacement program that should have happened years ago.\n\nNo … my fear, my great fear, is they will be used against us. That’s right, us.\n\nThose evil “Nazi” truckers and Bouncy Castle revolutionaries — people who have different ideas that they don’t like, people they fear.\n\nThe Fred and Marthas who donated to the Freedom Convoy, who were vilified by a cowardly prime minister who ran and hid.\n\nPeople like me, who write the truth. People who don’t shovel their driveways or people who like Sean Penn. Take your pick.\n\nGod forbid they use it against eco-terrorists in northern BC. No, that would make sense.\n\nAccording to my intel sources, because we have so very few internal threats (other than Iraqi and Russian embassy staff under 24/7 surveillance), they will have to pull old security files.\n\nKeep in mind that one in four Canadians has an RCMP file.\n\nYou thought you had freedom? Say goodnight, Virginia. The new era has arrived, and “we” are the enemy.\n\nClearly, they will have to dig deep, very deep to find new threats — even if they have to invent them to keep those shiny twin-engine beauties flying.\n\nYour basic, “Round up the usual suspects,” so they can justify this expense.\n\nJust imagine, folks, everything you ever texted on your cellphone or said on social media, every inch of metadata, is being tracked and monitored by the Communications Security Establishment (CSE), Canada’s other spy agency.\n\nI’m sorry, but this spy plane deal is a joke. This is a waste of money.\n\nWhy?\n\nSimple. Ask any eight-year old, who asks his mom and dad to buy them a Chinese-made DJI drone at Amazon.\n\nThe truth of the matter is that drones are far cheaper, more effective and easier to deploy anywhere in the world.\n\nInterestingly, they could be fully operated and controlled from Spec Ops Command in Petawawa, Ont.\n\nAs we speak, drones are re-writing the rules of war over Ukraine and kicking Russian ass. They are a proven commodity.\n\nThe other thing the RCMP Air Service has employed its spy planes over Canadian cities for decades, one of which was LCT (Lima Charlie Tango).\n\nFor entertainment, I used to tune in on my Sony air radio to hear them talk with Air Traffic Control — it was laughable. Literally anyone, any bad guy in southern Alberta, could hear everything they said.\n\nCities like Calgary also have the HAWCS helicopter for surveillance and watch-list harassment.\n\nSo why in God’s name are we buying these things? Why are we buying a howitzer to kill a mosquito?\n\nIs it because allies like Australia, New Zealand, the UK, and the US have them and we have to keep up with the neighbourhood?\n\nThat’s probably a big part of it, I would think — the potential for near-real-time data transfer and interoperability with allies. \u202a\n\nBe there or be square, as they say.\n\nThe other part: I think it’s clear there’s a big new intelligence push happening in Canada. It’s a scary world out there and it’s getting scarier.\n\nCall it the Putin factor, the ISIS factor, the Trucker factor … whatever.\n\nBut it’s happening and you, my friends, are going to pay for it with your tax dollars whether you like it or not.\n\nThe cost in freedom is yet to be determined.\n\nDave Makichuk is a Western Standard contributor.\n\nPTacitus27@gmail.com', 'image': 'https://westernstandardonline.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/dress-1000x600.webp', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:16'}
{'title': 'Canada delivers M777 howitzers and more to Ukraine', 'keywords': ['equipment', 'inventory', 'forces', 'number', 'million', 'military', 'canada', 'delivers'], 'polarity': 0.0968, 'subjectivity': 0.3005, 'link': 'https://www.shephardmedia.com/news/landwarfareintl/canada-delivers-m777-howitzers-and-more-to-ukraine/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:19', 'summary': 'In conjunction with American allies, Canada has delivered a number of M777 howitzers and associated ammunition to the Security Forces of Ukraine.\nAccording to Shephard Defence Insight, in 2005, Canada became the first export customer of the M777 howitzer, when it ordered the first of 35 M777A1.\nIt is not confirmed how many M777 howitzers Canada currently has in its inventory or the exact number being delivered.\nThe M777 lightweight 155mm towed howitzer is lighter and smaller, while retaining power, than any gun of its kind.\nSince January 2022, Canada has committed over $118 million in military equipment.', 'channel': 'shephardmedia.com', 'text': "In conjunction with American allies, Canada has delivered a number of M777 howitzers and associated ammunition to the Security Forces of Ukraine.\n\nWhile this equipment comes from the inventory of the Canadian Armed Forces, the capability will be replenished.\n\nAccording to Shephard Defence Insight, in 2005, Canada became the first export customer of the M777 howitzer, when it ordered the first of 35 M777A1.\n\nIt is not confirmed how many M777 howitzers Canada currently has in its inventory or the exact number being delivered.\n\nThe M777 lightweight 155mm towed howitzer is lighter and smaller, while retaining power, than any gun of its kind.\n\nThe howitzer provides indirect firepower capable of accurately hitting targets at a range of up to 30km.\n\nOther Canadian deliveries of materiel include a significant number of additional Carl Gustaf anti-armour ammunition, commercial pattern armoured vehicles and a service contract for the maintenance and repair of specialised drone cameras, which have already been supplied to Ukraine.\n\nSince January 2022, Canada has committed over $118 million in military equipment. In Canada's Budget 2022, the nation has also allocated $500 million in additional military aid throughout the 2022-23 fiscal year.", 'image': 'https://www.shephardmedia.com/media/cache/images/images/article/M777_Howitzer/70905a25d5645bf8c97ea5bf6a0cc4a2.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:19'}
{'title': "Canada Purchases ‘King Air' Spy Planes for $247 Million", 'keywords': ['canadian', 'surveillance', '247', 'purchases', 'million', 'king', '350er', 'military', 'canada', 'miles', 'used'], 'polarity': 0.1608, 'subjectivity': 0.4106, 'link': 'https://www.thedefensepost.com/2022/04/25/canada-king-air-spy-planes/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:28', 'summary': 'The Canadian military is acquiring three spy planes under a US foreign military sales agreement to boost its aerial surveillance and reconnaissance capabilities.\nWith a combined price tag of $247 million, Canada’s new 350ER King Air spy planes will be fitted with cutting-edge surveillance gear such as MX-15D targeting equipment.\nThe first of the three spy planes acquired by Canada is expected to be delivered this year.\nAccording to the company, the 350ER King Air spy plane offers “flexible, reconfigurable interiors” to make it “equally adept at accommodating passengers, cargo, air ambulance, or other missions.”‘A Very Sophisticated Platform’Retired Canadian lieutenant-general Steve Bowes said that acquiring the 350ER King Air enables Canada to catch up with allies Australia, New Zealand, the UK, and the US, who operate the same type of aircraft.\nHe described the 350ER King Air aircraft as a “very sophisticated platform” due to its state-of-the-art sensors and warning systems.', 'channel': 'thedefensepost.com', 'text': 'The Canadian military is acquiring three spy planes under a US foreign military sales agreement to boost its aerial surveillance and reconnaissance capabilities.\n\nWith a combined price tag of $247 million, Canada’s new 350ER King Air spy planes will be fitted with cutting-edge surveillance gear such as MX-15D targeting equipment.\n\nThe gear features a powerful camera similar to those used in Ukraine to follow Russian troop movements and target airstrikes.\n\nThe planes will also be equipped with high-tech warning systems to quickly detect incoming threats and a countermeasures system for added protection.\n\nThe first of the three spy planes acquired by Canada is expected to be delivered this year.\n\nOnce in service, the 350ER King Air aircraft will be used by the Canadian Special Operations Forces Command for missions “at home and abroad.”\n\nAdditional Features\n\nDeveloped by Textron Aviation’s Beechcraft, the 350ER King Air has reportedly become a “popular basis” for intelligence, surveillance, target acquisition, and reconnaissance.\n\nIt can fly up to 2,311 nautical miles (4,279 kilometers/2,659 miles) and carry up to 10 personnel, including two crew.\n\nThe aircraft’s maximum speed is 303 knots (561 kilometers/348 miles per hour).\n\nAccording to the company, the 350ER King Air spy plane offers “flexible, reconfigurable interiors” to make it “equally adept at accommodating passengers, cargo, air ambulance, or other missions.”\n\n‘A Very Sophisticated Platform’\n\nRetired Canadian lieutenant-general Steve Bowes said that acquiring the 350ER King Air enables Canada to catch up with allies Australia, New Zealand, the UK, and the US, who operate the same type of aircraft.\n\nHe also claims that if Canada had procured such spy planes at a much earlier date, they could have been used to support Canadian operations in the war in Afghanistan and against the Islamic State in northern Iraq.\n\n“It can track individuals if you know what you are looking for,” Bowes told The Globe and Mail. “If you are looking at a specific building or site, it allows you to paint a picture of what is in a compound before you go knocking on the door.”\n\nFor retired Canadian lieutenant-colonel Steve Day, the spy plane can not only be used in international military missions but also to address domestic terrorist threats.\n\nHe described the 350ER King Air aircraft as a “very sophisticated platform” due to its state-of-the-art sensors and warning systems.', 'image': 'https://www.thedefensepost.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/ka350er-ext-gallery-14-945_0918.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:28'}

{'title': 'McCarthy and House GOP lean into immigration as election theme in trip to the border', 'keywords': ['southern', 'theme', '42', 'border', 'security', 'president', 'republicans', 'texas', 'title', 'trip', 'secure'], 'polarity': 0.0887, 'subjectivity': 0.3094, 'link': 'https://www.washingtonexaminer.com/news/mccarthy-and-house-gop-lean-into-immigration-as-election-theme-in-trip-to-the-border', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:34', 'summary': 'House Minority Kevin McCarthy is leading a delegation of House Republicans to south Texas to emphasize the theme of "Biden\'s border crisis" as the administration is poised to roll back a Trump-era restriction on migrants.\nREPORTER\'S NOTEBOOK: WHAT IS TITLE 42 AND HOW WILL ITS END AFFECT THE SOUTHERN BORDER CRISIS?\n"It\'s not actual border security.\nBut we\'ve got to actually do the hard work of having a sovereign nation with a secure border so that migrants don\'t get killed."\nHouse Republicans Elise Stefanik and Marjorie Taylor Greene of Georgia were included in the delegation.', 'channel': 'washingtonexaminer.com', 'text': 'House Minority Kevin McCarthy is leading a delegation of House Republicans to south Texas to emphasize the theme of "Biden\'s border crisis" as the administration is poised to roll back a Trump-era restriction on migrants.\n\nThe California lawmaker and nine other Republicans went to survey the situation on the Mexican border Monday, as Border Patrol authorities report that the already record-high numbers of encounters with illegal immigrants will skyrocket once the pandemic policy stifling the flow is repealed. The Department of Homeland Security estimates that there could be upward of 18,000 encounters per day if Title 42 is repealed on May 23. The policy was put in place during former President Donald Trump\'s administration.\n\nRepublicans are highlighting the nationwide impact of unchecked illegal immigration in response to what they see as President Joe Biden\'s lack of action on a crucial issue ahead of the midterm elections. The issues highlighted include increased distribution of fentanyl throughout the United States, the sexual exploitation of women and minors at the hands of the cartels that control human smuggling across the border, and national security threats.\n\nREPORTER\'S NOTEBOOK: WHAT IS TITLE 42 AND HOW WILL ITS END AFFECT THE SOUTHERN BORDER CRISIS?\n\n"I watched a man who was probably 6\' 5," was a rancher who has lived here his whole life, 20 miles from the border, break down in tears to talk about the situation," McCarthy said during a press conference in the border town of Eagle Pass, Texas. "He told us he and his wife can\'t leave the lights on to their house at night because people will come; his fear is that people are going to get killed. That\'s what\'s happening right now. This is a responsibility of the federal government."\n\nMcCarthy, in line to become speaker if Republicans win a majority in the midterm elections, said that some House Democrats need to step up to keep Title 42 in place. But the delegation noted that it is only a temporary measure for the vast reforms needed.\n\n\n\n"Title 42 is a Band-Aid on a gunshot wound," said Rep. Chip Roy of Texas. "It\'s not actual border security. It\'s important, but it represents the ability to turn people away and actually secure the border. But we\'ve got to actually do the hard work of having a sovereign nation with a secure border so that migrants don\'t get killed."\n\nHouse Republicans Elise Stefanik and Marjorie Taylor Greene of Georgia were included in the delegation. The trip included a boat tour of one of the most trafficked areas of the Rio Grande and a meeting with the grandmother of Bishop Evans, the National Guard specialist who most likely drowned while trying to assist two migrants struggling to cross the river.\n\nBORDER UPDATE - PLEASE WATCH: Took a stop while boating down the river with @CBP to climb up where 50-100 had just crossed in Eagle Pass, Texas… all enriching cartels & overwhelming CBP while dangerous felons & potential terrorists walk in & Texaa ranchers live in fear. pic.twitter.com/uNpjYWJHGi — Chip Roy (@chiproytx) April 25, 2022\n\n\n\nMcCarthy and more than 50 other House Republicans sent a letter Monday to Homeland Security Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas "to address your actions to dismantle the security of our nation\'s southern border" that have "willingly endangered Americans." The party urged Mayorkas to take any and all legal actions to secure the border.\n\nCLICK HERE TO READ MORE FROM THE WASHINGTON EXAMINER\n\nMcCarthy\'s office said in a statement that "President Biden and his appointed border czar, Vice President Harris, ignored the obvious warning signs, refused to secure our southern border, and neglected their most basic responsibilities of protecting our sovereignty."\n\n', 'image': 'https://mediadc.brightspotcdn.com/dims4/default/635da8d/2147483647/strip/true/crop/1026x539+0+23/resize/1200x630!/quality/90/?url=http%3A%2F%2Fmediadc-brightspot.s3.amazonaws.com%2Fc1%2F74%2F8b36da9e41f3a43e76554f3c5e17%2F011922-gop-one-year-biden-13s.JPG', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:34'}
{'title': 'The Biden Regime Is Wrecking America, by Oliver L. North and David L. Goetsch', 'keywords': ['inflation', 'office', 'southern', 'border', 'bidens', 'policies', 'president', 'americans', 'wrecking', 'david', 'goetsch', 'socialist'], 'polarity': 0.0035, 'subjectivity': 0.3391, 'link': 'https://www.creators.com/read/oliver-north/04/22/the-biden-regime-is-wrecking-america', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:22', 'summary': "In December 2020, Donald Trump's last month in office, there were 62,041 illegal immigrant encounters on our southern border.\nIn his first full year in office, illegal immigrant encounters at our southern border exceeded 2 million.\nBiden's socialist economic policies are crushing hardworking, middle-income Americans, our nation's majority demographic.\nSince Biden took office, inflation has risen to over 8% and climbing, the worst inflation rate since 1982.\nBiden's socialist policies are making home ownership impossible for millions of Americans.", 'channel': 'creators.com', 'text': 'In a recent column, we charged President Joe Biden\'s leftist energy policies and pathetically weak leadership with undermining America\'s economy and financing Russia\'s genocide in Ukraine. But the damage wrought by this president is not limited to Ukraine, pain at the pump or flaccid foreign affairs. All the policies of this hapless tool of the left are destroying the America we love and serve.\n\nSince day one of his presidency, Biden and his socialist puppet masters have tried to deflect blame from themselves to others for major problems they created for the American people. Their latest scapegoat is Vladimir Putin. The Russian war criminal can be blamed for much, but not the domestic crises afflicting We the People of the United States. Biden\'s weasel-worded attempts to hide his ineptitude deceive no one. Americans paying historically high prices for food, fuel and other essentials while enduring empty retail store shelves aren\'t fooled by political spin in Biden\'s teleprompter.\n\nTo demonstrate how bad things have become under this career politician masquerading as president, we offer factual comparisons in two key areas: national sovereignty and our economy. These comparisons show where things stood when Biden became president and where they stand now.\n\nBy definition, a sovereign nation has authority over its territory and borders. Biden surrendered America\'s national sovereignty on his first day in office when he dismantled policies and programs his predecessor put in place to regain control of our southern border lost during the Obama-Biden administration.\n\nBiden shut down constructing a border barrier, stopped U.S. Immigration & Customs Enforcement professionals from doing their duty and eliminated an agreement with Mexico\'s president to keep cross-border immigrants in Mexico until they completed U.S. asylum applications. Now, Biden wants Title 42, a law protecting Americans from COVID-19 infection from immigrants, to lapse.\n\nIn December 2020, Donald Trump\'s last month in office, there were 62,041 illegal immigrant encounters on our southern border. In Biden\'s first month in office, this arose to 75,316. In his first full year in office, illegal immigrant encounters at our southern border exceeded 2 million. The numbers continue to rise. Thanks to Biden\'s open border policies, our once sovereign nation is now overrun by drug cartels, sex traffickers, violent criminals and illegal immigrants from almost every country on earth.\n\nDespite COVID-19, Biden inherited American economic growth and employment unprecedented in our lifetimes. He could have left well enough alone and allowed our economy to continue growing, but his socialist handlers had other plots and plans. These included eliminating fossil fuels, canceling student loan debt, funding his enormously expensive infrastructure program with nothing to do with infrastructure, paying citizens to refuse the dignity of work through his deceptive American Rescue Plan and "Build Back Better" program promising to rebuild what didn\'t need to be rebuilt.\n\nBiden\'s socialist economic policies are crushing hardworking, middle-income Americans, our nation\'s majority demographic. In 2020, the last year of the previous administration, inflation was just 1.23% and falling. Since Biden took office, inflation has risen to over 8% and climbing, the worst inflation rate since 1982. Americans paid $2.37 per gallon for gasoline on Biden\'s first day in office. We now pay more than $4.00 per gallon in most states and as much as $7.00 in some places.\n\nBiden\'s socialist policies are making home ownership impossible for millions of Americans. In 2020, before Biden took office, the average price of a home in the U.S. was $391,900. Now, the same house costs $453,700. Prices continue to rise.\n\nWorse still, the explosion in violent crime means we are all less safe here at home than at any point in our lifetimes. More on this travesty in a future column.\n\nOliver L. North is a combat-decorated U.S. Marine, founder and CEO of Fidelis Publishing and Fidelis Media. Find out more about him at www.olivernorth.com. David Goetsch is a Marine Corps veteran, member of the Florida Veterans Hall of Fame, professor of business, and Christian counselor. Find out more about him at www.david-goetsch.com. Their new book Tragic Consequences is available at www.faithfultext.com.', 'image': 'https://cdn.creators.com/334/324558/4ba70df009db64bfcc0faa3b80a74e9cb48fc42c.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:22'}
{'title': '2,499,190 Illegal Border Crossings', 'keywords': ['southern', 'month', 'thats', 'security', 'sure', 'president', 'policies', 'crisis'], 'polarity': 0.1286, 'subjectivity': 0.461, 'link': 'https://mcmorris.house.gov/posts/2499190-illegal-border-crossings', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:57', 'summary': 'As if we needed any more proof that the border crisis is out of control, these new numbers released by the Department of Homeland Security are literally off the charts.\nThat’s more than any other month since President Biden took office, and now we’ve experienced 13 straight months with more than 150,000 border encounters.\nThe Biden administration’s efforts to dismantle the security of our nation’s southern border has resulted in nearly 2.5 million illegal crossings and made communities across the country less safe.\nThe bottom line is that this crisis can only be solved with MORE border security, not less.\nWe cannot afford any more backwards policies allowing a tidal wave of illegal crossings at the southern border.', 'channel': 'mcmorris.house.gov', 'text': 'As if we needed any more proof that the border crisis is out of control, these new numbers released by the Department of Homeland Security are literally off the charts. Last month, more than 221,000 people attempted to enter the United States illegally. That’s more than any other month since President Biden took office, and now we’ve experienced 13 straight months with more than 150,000 border encounters.\n\nThe Biden administration’s efforts to dismantle the security of our nation’s southern border has resulted in nearly 2.5 million illegal crossings and made communities across the country less safe. That’s why I joined my colleagues this week in demanding DHS Secretary Alejandro Mayorkas take action to secure our border and fix the dangerous policies that enablecartels and human traffickers to exploit this crisis and threaten our national security.\n\nI also wanted to make sure you knew I helped pass bipartisan legislation to give Customs and Border Protection the tools they need to combat the use of over 230 underground tunnels between the U.S.-Mexico border that smugglers are using to traffic illegal weapons and deadly drugs like fentanyl into our country.\n\nThe bottom line is that this crisis can only be solved with MORE border security, not less. We cannot afford any more backwards policies allowing a tidal wave of illegal crossings at the southern border. The safety of your family and our communities must come first, and I am committed to holding the president accountable to make sure that happens.', 'image': 'https://d12t4t5x3vyizu.cloudfront.net/mcmorris.house.gov/uploads/2022/04/Screen-Shot-2022-04-26-at-11.12.11-AM.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:57'}

{'title': 'Steelmaker Ternium sees net profit jump in first quarter on higher prices', 'keywords': ['company', 'net', 'mexico', 'higher', 'sees', 'unlimited', 'prices', 'quarter', 'reuterscom', 'plant', 'ternium', 'period', 'billion'], 'polarity': 0.0589, 'subjectivity': 0.2264, 'link': 'https://www.reuters.com/business/steelmaker-ternium-reports-24-jump-q1-net-profit-2022-04-26/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:14', 'summary': 'The logo of the steelmaker Ternium, who turned a gym into a centre to receive patients suffering from the coronavirus disease (COVID-19), is pictured outside its plant, in Monterrey, Mexico April 11, 2020.\nREUTERS/Daniel BecerrilMEXICO CITY, April 26 (Reuters) - Steel producer Ternium\'s (TX.N) net income rose 24% to $877.5 million in the first quarter from the year-ago period, the company said on Tuesday, citing higher steel prices partially offset by high costs of raw materials.\nRevenue per ton was just under the record levels reached last quarter, the company said.\nEarnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) for the three months climbed to $1.21 billion, beating the Refinitiv estimate of $1.1 billion.\nThe company said it expected EBITDA to rise in the second quarter due to higher steel prices and "further growth in shipments."', 'channel': 'reuters.com', 'text': 'The logo of the steelmaker Ternium, who turned a gym into a centre to receive patients suffering from the coronavirus disease (COVID-19), is pictured outside its plant, in Monterrey, Mexico April 11, 2020. REUTERS/Daniel Becerril\n\nMEXICO CITY, April 26 (Reuters) - Steel producer Ternium\'s (TX.N) net income rose 24% to $877.5 million in the first quarter from the year-ago period, the company said on Tuesday, citing higher steel prices partially offset by high costs of raw materials.\n\nThe company, which operates in Mexico, Brazil, Argentina, Colombia, the United States and Central America, posted a 32% increase in revenue to $4.30 billion during the January to March period versus the same quarter a year earlier.\n\nRevenue per ton was just under the record levels reached last quarter, the company said.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\nTernium said the Russian invasion of Ukraine in February had drastically altered the global steel market, and that it "should result in an increased level of market volatility over the near term."\n\nAn analyst note by financial services firm BTG Pactual called the results "solid," saying it expected "a strong reaction to the reported numbers and outlook."\n\nEarnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) for the three months climbed to $1.21 billion, beating the Refinitiv estimate of $1.1 billion.\n\nThe company said it expected EBITDA to rise in the second quarter due to higher steel prices and "further growth in shipments."\n\nTernium said at the end of February it plans to spend around $1 billion to expand its plant in northern Mexico, which serves the automotive, appliance and construction sectors. read more\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\nReporting by Noe Torres and Kylie Madry; Writing by Valentine Hilaire; Editing by Christian Plumb and Sandra Maler\n\nOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.', 'image': 'https://www.reuters.com/resizer/ISyKt4e9VPk_t0_gcPAEwOfNh3g=/1200x628/smart/filters:quality(80)/cloudfront-us-east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/NSBFLJK27ZIJLEBMKDXLSIPH3M.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:14'}
{'title': "Ecuador's president expects oil prices to cut its fiscal deficit", 'keywords': ['stateowned', 'state', 'services', 'lasso', 'unlimited', 'prices', 'ecuadors', 'reuterscom', 'public', 'billion'], 'polarity': 0.1019, 'subjectivity': 0.2421, 'link': 'https://www.reuters.com/world/americas/ecuadors-president-expects-oil-prices-cut-its-fiscal-deficit-2022-04-26/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:54', 'summary': 'The government has predicted 2022 will close with a deficit of 2% of gross domestic product - equivalent to some $2.3 billion - shrinking from a $3.7 billion deficit in 2021 and a $7.1 billion figure in 2020.\n"It is very probable that if current oil prices continue that the deficit will be even lower," Lasso said during an live interview on government social media channels and radio.\n"This year we have the possibility of the sale of (state-owned bank) Banco del Pacifico, which would also help control the fiscal deficit."\nState oil company Petroecuador plans to drill 36 wells at the Ishpingo oil field through the end of the year, despite resistance to the project, which borders Yasuni national park.\nEcuador is awaiting a $700 million disbursement from the International Monetary Fund originally scheduled for December of last year.', 'channel': 'reuters.com', 'text': 'QUITO, April 26 (Reuters) - Ecuador could reduce this year\'s fiscal deficit more than it predicted, if crude prices remain high and it is able to sell a state-owned bank, President Guillermo Lasso said on Tuesday, adding the country still requires significant private investment to create jobs.\n\nThe government has predicted 2022 will close with a deficit of 2% of gross domestic product - equivalent to some $2.3 billion - shrinking from a $3.7 billion deficit in 2021 and a $7.1 billion figure in 2020.\n\n"It is very probable that if current oil prices continue that the deficit will be even lower," Lasso said during an live interview on government social media channels and radio. "This year we have the possibility of the sale of (state-owned bank) Banco del Pacifico, which would also help control the fiscal deficit."\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\nThough government account balances are improving, Lasso acknowledged many Ecuadoreans face financial worries and said he would keep insisting on efforts to attract investment.\n\nLasso has pledged to create 2 million jobs during his term, which ends in 2025, but last month congress rejected his proposed investment law, with lawmakers decrying what they called attempts to privatize public services. read more\n\n"There is no interest in privatizing public services like electricity and water, it\'s about public-private partnerships where the private sector participates with its money but the asset remains property of the state," he said, adding the proposal may be presented again to lawmakers or put to citizens in a vote.\n\nEcuador is working on re-negotiating contracts with oil companies, Lasso added, moving away from service provision agreements where the state pays them a fee and toward profit-sharing deals which he said would increase production.\n\nState oil company Petroecuador plans to drill 36 wells at the Ishpingo oil field through the end of the year, despite resistance to the project, which borders Yasuni national park. The field began production with output of 3,600 barrels per day.\n\nEcuador is awaiting a $700 million disbursement from the International Monetary Fund originally scheduled for December of last year.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\nReporting by Alexandra Valencia Writing by Julia Symmes Cobb; Editing by David Gregorio\n\nOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.', 'image': 'https://www.reuters.com/resizer/6g_x3_6zh_ZfLf2yFpiOIQPzjks=/1200x628/smart/filters:quality(80)/cloudfront-us-east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/MPQWGPB47JP3NLOE54YXCYZ6WA.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:54'}
{'title': "Brazil's TIM sees $4 bln boost from Oi mobile deal", 'keywords': ['company', 'net', 'reais', 'oi', 'operations', 'mobile', 'unlimited', 'brazils', 'value', 'boost', 'reuterscom', 'billion'], 'polarity': 0.0061, 'subjectivity': 0.3306, 'link': 'https://www.reuters.com/technology/brazil-telecom-tim-sees-synergies-oi-deal-up-396-bln-2022-04-25/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:33', 'summary': "SAO PAULO, April 25 (Reuters) - TIM SA (TIMS3.SA) expects its purchase of part of Oi SA's (OIBR4.SA) mobile operations in Brazil to create up to 19 billion reais ($4 billion) of value for the enlarged company, the Brazilian telecoms firm said late on Sunday.\nTIM, which is controlled by Italy's Telecom Italia SpA (TLIT.MI), said the net present value (NPV) forecast took into account commercial and infrastructure synergies.\nThe lower end of the estimate was 16 billion reais.\nAccording to the company, 45% of the synergies should be captured by 2030.\nTIM said in a presentation the deal was set to boost net revenue and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) by 1.8 billion and 1.1 billion reais, respectively, for the remaining eight months of 2022.", 'channel': 'reuters.com', 'text': 'SAO PAULO, April 25 (Reuters) - TIM SA (TIMS3.SA) expects its purchase of part of Oi SA\'s (OIBR4.SA) mobile operations in Brazil to create up to 19 billion reais ($4 billion) of value for the enlarged company, the Brazilian telecoms firm said late on Sunday.\n\nTIM, which is controlled by Italy\'s Telecom Italia SpA (TLIT.MI), said the net present value (NPV) forecast took into account commercial and infrastructure synergies. The lower end of the estimate was 16 billion reais.\n\nAccording to the company, 45% of the synergies should be captured by 2030.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\nShares in the company were up 2.6% at 13.90 reais on Monday morning, making it the top performer on Brazil\'s Bovespa stock index (.BVSP), which fell 1.1%.\n\nTIM agreed to buy Oi\'s mobile operations in an auction in late 2020, when it made a joint bid of 16.5 billion reais with rivals Telefonica Brasil SA and Claro, a subsidiary of Mexico\'s America Movil SAB de CV (AMXL.MX).\n\nThe deal closed last week after major regulatory scrutiny, with TIM\'s national market share now seen reaching 27%, from 20% at the end of last year.\n\nTIM said in a presentation the deal was set to boost net revenue and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) by 1.8 billion and 1.1 billion reais, respectively, for the remaining eight months of 2022.\n\n"The acquisition is a game changer for TIM ... The acquired spectrum and network will reduce future capex (capital expenditure) needs and boost cash flow generation," the company added, noting its capex-to-revenue ratio was expected to reach a mid-teens percentage by 2030 from about 20% currently.\n\nAnalysts at Guide Investimentos viewed the announcement as positive, saying that synergies between TIM and its new assets are relevant and might be enlarged as the company increases the sale of products it already offers to its customers.\n\n($1 = 4.7937 reais)\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\nReporting by Gabriel Araujo; Edting by Louise Heavens, Mark Potter and Emelia Sithole-Matarise\n\nOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.', 'image': 'https://www.reuters.com/pf/resources/images/reuters/reuters-default.png?d=90', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:33'}

{'title': 'Motorcycle convoy organizer warns of mayhem if police ban Ottawa downtown protest', 'keywords': ['freeforall', 'city', 'warns', 'mayhem', 'allow', 'ottawa', 'mckenney', 'organizers', 'plans', 'motorcycle'], 'polarity': -0.0174, 'subjectivity': 0.1493, 'link': 'https://www.nationalobserver.com/2022/04/26/news/motorcycle-convoy-organizer-police-ban-ottawa-downtown-protest', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:00', 'summary': 'The "Rolling Thunder Ottawa" convoy plans to do a loop through downtown next weekend, with a stop planned at the National War Memorial.\nBut after the "Freedom Convoy" protest blockaded city streets for three weeks earlier this year, police say they will not allow any vehicles in the area around Parliament Hill.\nThey also said they have reached out to motorcycle convoy organizers to understand their plans.\n#Convoy organizer warns of \'free-for-all\' if police ban protest from downtown Ottawa.\nDowntown Ottawa councillor Catherine McKenney said the convoy must not stop or stay in central neighbourhoods, after Ottawa fell to a state of lawlessness during the previous protest.', 'channel': 'nationalobserver.com', 'text': 'One of the organizers of a planned motorcycle convoy is warning of a "free-for-all" on Friday if Ottawa police don\'t allow hundreds of protesters to bring their bikes onto the streets around Parliament Hill. The "Rolling Thunder Ottawa" convoy plans to do a loop through downtown next weekend, with a stop planned at the National War Memorial. But after the "Freedom Convoy" protest blockaded city streets for three weeks earlier this year, police say they will not allow any vehicles in the area around Parliament Hill. Get top stories in your inbox. Our award-winning journalists bring you the news that impacts you, Canada, and the world. Don\'t miss out. "We will not allow for unsafe or unlawful conditions that could lead to another protest, as seen in February," interim police chief Steve Bell told the local police services board Monday afternoon. Ottawa police said the RCMP, Ontario Provincial Police and other city police services will send officers to help enforce the new rules.\n\nThey also said they have reached out to motorcycle convoy organizers to understand their plans. Rolling Thunder organizer Neil Sheard, who has been involved in protests against COVID-19 restrictions, said in a YouTube video that without a route to follow there will be a safety issue. Trans Mountain pipeline insurers dropping like flies "Thousands of people are coming to the city. There could be over a thousand bikes coming to your city. We had a route nailed," Sheard said in the video posted Sunday.\n\n"Now it’s going to be a free-for-all." He warned Ottawa Mayor Jim Watson that the safety of the bikers and the citizens of Ottawa is at stake. He also said he expects the protest will be peaceful and dignified. #Convoy organizer warns of \'free-for-all\' if police ban protest from downtown Ottawa. #CDNPoli #rollingthunder #rollingthunderottawa #freedomconvoy2022 Police are warning the public to prepare for the possibility of traffic disruptions next weekend — but haven\'t yet told people to avoid going downtown. Downtown Ottawa councillor Catherine McKenney said the convoy must not stop or stay in central neighbourhoods, after Ottawa fell to a state of lawlessness during the previous protest.\n\n"I will not have our community re-terrorized. I do not want our children, seniors and other vulnerable residents re-traumatized. Our businesses should not be forced to close again," McKenney said on Twitter Monday. I will not have our community re-terrorized. I do not want our children, seniors and other vulnerable residents re-traumatized.\n\nOur businesses should not be forced to close again. — Catherine McKenney 🇺🇦 (they/them) (@cmckenney) April 25, 2022 Bell said the police service is "considerably concerned" that not all members of the convoy will follow the organizer\'s plans, and have prepared for the possibility protesters try to entrench themselves for days or weeks like they did in February.', 'image': 'https://www.nationalobserver.com/sites/nationalobserver.com/files/img/2022/04/26/06232dc3a9283be248862c670fd4222ed83c758d1a8079f8dbdcbf20f090263b.jpg_newsroom_base.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:00'}
{'title': "'Rolling Thunder': What to know about the Ottawa motorcycle convoy", 'keywords': ['canadian', 'rally', 'group', 'sheard', 'freedom', 'thunder', 'rolling', 'parliament'], 'polarity': -0.0125, 'subjectivity': 0.17, 'link': 'https://www.ctvnews.ca/canada/rolling-thunder-what-to-know-about-the-ottawa-motorcycle-convoy-1.5877071', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:57', 'summary': 'A convoy of motorcycle riders is set to arrive in Ottawa this weekend for a rally on Parliament Hill.\nDubbed "Rolling Thunder Ottawa," the convoy plans to loop through downtown Friday and Saturday, though their reasons for the rally are unclear.\nWHAT IS \'ROLLING THUNDER OTTAWA\'?\nThe "Rolling Thunder Ottawa" website offers limited information on the group itself, although its main Facebook page, which is a closed group, says the convoy is a biker rally to celebrate freedom.\nThe schedule for the "Rolling Thunder" convoy includes a rally and march on Parliament Hill on Friday, followed by an after party.', 'channel': 'ctvnews.ca', 'text': 'A convoy of motorcycle riders is set to arrive in Ottawa this weekend for a rally on Parliament Hill.\n\nDubbed "Rolling Thunder Ottawa," the convoy plans to loop through downtown Friday and Saturday, though their reasons for the rally are unclear.\n\nThe event is bound to be a reminder of the downtown protests that paralyzed Ottawa for weeks and inspired similar demonstrations across Canada and around the world over COVID-19 mandates.\n\nPolice already plan to send in officers to enforce the rally and will prevent vehicles from entering the area surrounding Parliament Hill.\n\nCTVNews.ca takes a look at what to know about the convoy.\n\nWHAT IS \'ROLLING THUNDER OTTAWA\'?\n\nBetween 500 and 1,000 motorcycles and other vehicles are expected to take part in the event, although it\'s unclear what the reasons are for the rally.\n\nThe "Rolling Thunder Ottawa" website offers limited information on the group itself, although its main Facebook page, which is a closed group, says the convoy is a biker rally to celebrate freedom.\n\nThe group lists Veterans for Freedom and Freedom Fighters Canada as its partners.\n\nVeterans for Freedom describes itself on its website as a group of Canadian veterans working to "restore fundamental freedoms for all Canadians" and "uphold Canadian laws."\n\nMembers of its steering committee have ties to the trucker convoy protests seen earlier this year.\n\nFreedom Fighters Canada, meanwhile, is "demanding the end of all government mandates," with some of its organizers also having attended or supported earlier protests.\n\nThe schedule for the "Rolling Thunder" convoy includes a rally and march on Parliament Hill on Friday, followed by an after party.\n\nOn Saturday, the convoy will hold a service at the National War Memorial and march to Parliament Hill again in the afternoon. A church service will take place on Sunday.\n\nWHAT HAVE POLICE AND ORGANIZERS SAID?\n\nPolice are warning the public to prepare for possible traffic disruptions.\n\nAlong with restricting access to vehicles around Parliament Hill, interim Ottawa police chief Steve Bell issued a warning to organizers and participants, telling them: "You will be held accountable for your actions before, during, and after the events."\n\nIn a statement posted to the convoy website on Monday, "Rolling Thunder Ottawa" organizer Neil Sheard said the group is having continued discussions with the Ottawa Police Service and are "cautiously optimistic that the police will work to ensure the safe flow of traffic between the bikers and our fellow Canadian citizens who call Ottawa their home."\n\n"We do not support blockades, obstruction of police performing their duties, damage to property, or hate & vitriol directed to the residents of Ottawa," the statement from Sheard reads in part.\n\nIn a video posted to YouTube on Sunday, Sheard said that without a route for the convoy to follow, there could be a safety issue.\n\n"Thousands of people are coming to the city. There could be over a thousand bikes coming to your city. We had a route nailed," Sheard said in the video. "Now it\'s going to be a free-for-all."\n\nSpeaking to reporters after a Liberal cabinet meeting in Ottawa on Tuesday, federal Public Safety Minister Marco Mendicino said the effects of the ‘Freedom Convoy’ protests and blockades are “still very fresh” in the minds of the city’s residents, “where people’s lives were completely upended.”\n\nHe said that tools and resources are in place to prevent a similar situation from happening this weekend.\n\n“We place our confidence in law enforcement to uphold the law, respect the right to lawful protest, but do not want to see anything in the form of an illegal occupation again here in Ottawa.”\n\nWith files from CTV Ottawa and The Canadian Press', 'image': 'https://www.ctvnews.ca/content/dam/ctvnews/en/images/2022/4/26/ottawa-1-5877080-1651000420620.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:57'}
{'title': "Convoy organizer warns of 'free-for-all' if police ban protest from downtown Ottawa", 'keywords': ['freeforall', 'earlier', 'protest', 'city', 'canadian', 'freedom', 'ottawa', 'thunder', 'organizers', 'weekend', 'veterans'], 'polarity': 0.0333, 'subjectivity': 0.2259, 'link': 'https://ottawa.ctvnews.ca/convoy-organizer-warns-of-free-for-all-if-police-ban-protest-from-downtown-ottawa-1.5876211', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:22', 'summary': 'The "Rolling Thunder Ottawa" convoy plans to do a loop through downtown next weekend, with a stop planned at the National War Memorial.\nThey also said they have reached out to motorcycle convoy organizers to understand their plans.\nDowntown Ottawa councillor Catherine McKenney said the convoy must not stop or stay in central neighbourhoods, after Ottawa fell to a state of lawlessness during the previous protest.\nThe website for "Rolling Thunder Ottawa" said it is partnered with the groups Veterans for Freedom and Freedom Fighters Canada.\n"Rolling Thunder Ottawa" is scheduled to have a rally and after-party on Parliament Hill Friday, followed by a convoy through the streets of downtown Ottawa on Saturday.', 'channel': 'ottawa.ctvnews.ca', 'text': 'OTTAWA -\n\nOne of the organizers of a planned motorcycle convoy is warning of a "free-for-all" on Friday if Ottawa police don\'t allow hundreds of protesters to bring their bikes onto the streets around Parliament Hill.\n\nThe "Rolling Thunder Ottawa" convoy plans to do a loop through downtown next weekend, with a stop planned at the National War Memorial.\n\nBut after the "Freedom Convoy" protest blockaded city streets for three weeks earlier this year, police say they will not allow any vehicles in the area around Parliament Hill.\n\n"We will not allow for unsafe or unlawful conditions that could lead to another protest, as seen in February," interim police chief Steve Bell told the local police services board Monday afternoon.\n\nOttawa police said the RCMP, Ontario Provincial Police and other city police services will send officers to help enforce the new rules.\n\nThey also said they have reached out to motorcycle convoy organizers to understand their plans.\n\nRolling Thunder organizer Neil Sheard, who has been involved in protests against COVID-19 restrictions, said in a YouTube video that without a route to follow there will be a safety issue.\n\n"Thousands of people are coming to the city. There could be over a thousand bikes coming to your city. We had a route nailed," Sheard said in the video posted Sunday.\n\n"Now it’s going to be a free-for-all."\n\nHe warned Ottawa Mayor Jim Watson that the safety of the bikers and the citizens of Ottawa is at stake. He also said he expects the protest will be peaceful and dignified.\n\nPolice are warning the public to prepare for the possibility of traffic disruptions next weekend — but haven\'t yet told people to avoid going downtown.\n\nDowntown Ottawa councillor Catherine McKenney said the convoy must not stop or stay in central neighbourhoods, after Ottawa fell to a state of lawlessness during the previous protest.\n\n"I will not have our community re-terrorized. I do not want our children, seniors and other vulnerable residents re-traumatized. Our businesses should not be forced to close again," McKenney said on Twitter Monday.\n\nBell said the police service is "considerably concerned" that not all members of the convoy will follow the organizer\'s plans, and have prepared for the possibility protesters try to entrench themselves for days or weeks like they did in February.\n\n"Our planning response is set up specifically to make sure that doesn\'t occur," Bell said, speaking to reporters Monday.\n\nThe group has not been clear about the cause they\'re rallying for, except to say that they will be in Ottawa to "peacefully celebrate our freedom."\n\nBell said it\'s been extremely challenging to pin down exactly why the crowds are coming, especially with such a large and varied group.\n\nThe group says it hopes veterans, who they say were forced to leave the cenotaph by police during the freedom convoy, will lay a wreath at the National War Memorial this weekend.\n\nWar memorials and cenotaphs are important symbols of the service and sacrifice of Canada\'s veterans, said Dion Edmonds, marketing and communications director for The Royal Canadian Legion\n\n"The Legion defends these sacred sites of Remembrance, and asserts they never be used as a backdrop to any other agenda beyond the act of remembrance," he said.\n\nThe Legion is appealing to all who gather before the National War Memorial this weekend do so with a purely remembrance focus.\n\nThe organizations involved do appear to have links to the convoy demonstration earlier this year that protested COVID-19 restrictions and demanded the Liberal government resign.\n\nThe website for "Rolling Thunder Ottawa" said it is partnered with the groups Veterans for Freedom and Freedom Fighters Canada.\n\nVeterans for Freedom describes itself on its website as a group made up of Canadian veterans working to "restore fundamental freedoms for all Canadians" and "uphold Canadian laws."\n\nThe members of that group\'s steering committee all have ties to the earlier protests, including one who was among the convoy\'s spokespeople. Others appeared in YouTube videos supporting convoy demonstrators.\n\nFreedom Fighters Canada\'s website says it is an organization "demanding the end of all government mandates" and the end of "tyrannical legislation."\n\n"Our government has overstepped its boundaries, we are here to put them back in their place," the site said.\n\nSome of its organizers also attended or supported the earlier protests publicly.\n\n"Rolling Thunder Ottawa" is scheduled to have a rally and after-party on Parliament Hill Friday, followed by a convoy through the streets of downtown Ottawa on Saturday.\n\nThis report by The Canadian Press was first published April 25, 2022.', 'image': 'https://www.ctvnews.ca/content/dam/ctvnews/en/images/2022/4/26/neil-sheard-1-5876215-1650972808512.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:22'}

{'title': 'Being with unvaccinated people increases COVID-19 risk for those who are vaccinated: modelling study', 'keywords': ['public', 'vaccinated', 'spend', 'cent', 'modelling', 'covid19', 'vaccine', 'model'], 'polarity': 0.0651, 'subjectivity': 0.2332, 'link': 'https://www.ctvnews.ca/mobile/health/coronavirus/being-with-unvaccinated-people-increases-covid-19-risk-for-those-who-are-vaccinated-study-finds-1.5874632', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:48', 'summary': 'MONTREAL -- While remaining unvaccinated against COVID-19 is often framed as a personal choice, those who spurn the vaccines raise the risk of infection for those around them, a new study suggests.\nIn contrast, unvaccinated people\'s risk of contracting COVID-19 drops when they spend time with people who are vaccinated, because they serve as a buffer to transmission, according to the mathematical model used in the study.\nFisman said the idea for study came a few months ago amid the debate around vaccine passports and vaccine mandates.\n"We thought what was missing from that conversation was, what are the rights of vaccinated people to be protected from unvaccinated people?"\nThe researchers used a mathematical model to estimate how many infections would occur in a population, depending on how much mixing occurred between vaccinated and unvaccinated people.', 'channel': 'ctvnews.ca', 'text': 'MONTREAL -- While remaining unvaccinated against COVID-19 is often framed as a personal choice, those who spurn the vaccines raise the risk of infection for those around them, a new study suggests.\n\nThe research published Monday in the Canadian Medical Association Journal found that vaccinated people who mix with those who are not vaccinated have a significantly greater chance of being infected than those who stick with people who have received the shot.\n\nIn contrast, unvaccinated people\'s risk of contracting COVID-19 drops when they spend time with people who are vaccinated, because they serve as a buffer to transmission, according to the mathematical model used in the study.\n\nCo-author David Fisman, of the University of Toronto\'s Dalla Lana school of public health, said the message of the study is that the choice to get vaccinated can\'t be thought of as merely personal.\n\n"You may like to drive your car 200 kilometres an hour and think that\'s fun, but we don’t allow you to do that on a highway partly because you can kill and injure yourself, but also because you\'re creating risk for those around you," he said in a recent interview.\n\nFisman said the idea for study came a few months ago amid the debate around vaccine passports and vaccine mandates.\n\n"We thought what was missing from that conversation was, what are the rights of vaccinated people to be protected from unvaccinated people?" he said.\n\nThe conclusion, he said, is that "public health is something you actually have to do collectively."\n\n"What we kind of concluded is that the decision to not be vaccinated — you can\'t really regard it as a self-regarding risk (because) you\'re creating risk for other people around you by interacting with them," he said.\n\nThe researchers used a mathematical model to estimate how many infections would occur in a population, depending on how much mixing occurred between vaccinated and unvaccinated people. It found that when people mixed with people of a similar vaccination status, infection rates among vaccinated people decreased from 15 per cent to 10 per cent, and they increased from 62 per cent to 79 per cent among those who were not vaccinated.\n\nFisman said that in real life, people tend to spend the most time with people who are similar to them. So, he said, even if vaccinated people are most likely to spend time with others who have received shots, they\'re disproportionately impacted when they spend time with those who haven\'t.\n\nHe said the arrival of more contagious COVID-19 variants, such as Omicron, have impacted both vaccine effectiveness and public faith in vaccination. But he said that even when vaccine efficacy was lowered to 40 per cent in the model and the reproductive rate was increased to account for a more contagious variant the overall conclusions were the same.\n\nHe said the study actually underplays the importance of vaccines in one way because it doesn\'t take into account how they vastly cut the chances of death and hospitalization.\n\nFisman said the results, from a purely "utilitarian" perspective, provide justification for the implementation of public health measures such as vaccine passports and vaccine mandates.\n\nHowever, he acknowledges that a simple mathematical model doesn\'t fully reflect the real world or the diverse factors that must be taken into account when setting public health policy, including political considerations and public anger.\n\nThis report by The Canadian Press was first published April 25, 2022.\n\n___\n\nWhat questions do you have about Omicron?\n\nWith the emergence of a new COVID-19 variant of concern, labelled Omicron, CTVNews.ca wants to hear from Canadians with any questions.\n\nTell us what you’d like to know when it comes to the Omicron COVID-19 variant.\n\nTo submit your question, email us at dotcom@bellmedia.ca with your name, location and question. Your comments may be used in a CTVNews.ca story.', 'image': 'https://www.ctvnews.ca/polopoly_fs/1.5874633.1650877549!/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/landscape_620/image.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:48'}
{'title': 'Mixing with unvaccinated increases risk of COVID for those vaccinated', 'keywords': ['public', 'vaccinated', 'spend', 'increases', 'cent', 'covid19', 'mixing', 'study', 'vaccine', 'model'], 'polarity': 0.0814, 'subjectivity': 0.248, 'link': 'https://www.nationalobserver.com/2022/04/25/news/mixing-unvaccinated-risk-covid-vaccinated', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:22', 'summary': 'While remaining unvaccinated against COVID-19 is often framed as a personal choice, those who spurn the vaccines raise the risk of infection for those around them, a new study suggests.\nIn contrast, unvaccinated people\'s risk of contracting COVID-19 drops when they spend time with people who are vaccinated, because they serve as a buffer to transmission, according to the mathematical model used in the study.\n"We thought what was missing from that conversation was, what are the rights of vaccinated people to be protected from unvaccinated people?"\nThe researchers used a mathematical model to estimate how many infections would occur in a population, depending on how much mixing occurred between vaccinated and unvaccinated people.\nMixing with #unvaccinated increases COVID-19 risk for #vaccinated people, study finds.', 'channel': 'nationalobserver.com', 'text': 'While remaining unvaccinated against COVID-19 is often framed as a personal choice, those who spurn the vaccines raise the risk of infection for those around them, a new study suggests. The research published Monday in the Canadian Medical Association Journal found that vaccinated people who mix with those who are not vaccinated have a significantly greater chance of being infected than those who stick with people who have received the shot. In contrast, unvaccinated people\'s risk of contracting COVID-19 drops when they spend time with people who are vaccinated, because they serve as a buffer to transmission, according to the mathematical model used in the study. Get top stories in your inbox. Our award-winning journalists bring you the news that impacts you, Canada, and the world. Don\'t miss out. Co-author David Fisman, of the University of Toronto\'s Dalla Lana school of public health, said the message of the study is that the choice to get vaccinated can\'t be thought of as merely personal. "You may like to drive your car 200 kilometres an hour and think that\'s fun, but we don’t allow you to do that on a highway partly because you can kill and injure yourself, but also because you\'re creating risk for those around you," he said in a recent interview.\n\nFisman said the idea for study came a few months ago amid the debate around vaccine passports and vaccine mandates. "We thought what was missing from that conversation was, what are the rights of vaccinated people to be protected from unvaccinated people?" he said. Trans Mountain pipeline insurers dropping like flies The conclusion, he said, is that "public health is something you actually have to do collectively."\n\n"What we kind of concluded is that the decision to not be vaccinated — you can\'t really regard it as a self-regarding risk (because) you\'re creating risk for other people around you by interacting with them," he said. The researchers used a mathematical model to estimate how many infections would occur in a population, depending on how much mixing occurred between vaccinated and unvaccinated people. It found that when people mixed with people of a similar vaccination status, infection rates among vaccinated people decreased from 15 per cent to 10 per cent, and they increased from 62 per cent to 79 per cent among those who were vaccinated. Mixing with #unvaccinated increases COVID-19 risk for #vaccinated people, study finds. #Covid19 Fisman said that in real life, people tend to spend the most time with people who are similar to them. So, he said, even if vaccinated people are most likely to spend time with others who have received shots, they\'re disproportionately impacted when they spend time with those who haven\'t. He said the arrival of more contagious COVID-19 variants, such as Omicron, have impacted both vaccine effectiveness and public faith in vaccination. But he said that even when vaccine efficacy was lowered to 40 per cent in the model and the reproductive rate was increased to account for a more contagious variant the overall conclusions were the same. He said the study actually underplays the importance of vaccines in one way because it doesn\'t take into account how they vastly cut the chances of death and hospitalization.', 'image': 'https://www.nationalobserver.com/sites/nationalobserver.com/files/img/2022/04/25/50940719947_526813de3c_h.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:22'}
{'title': "America doesn't much care about COVID-19 anymore. Just ask Kamala Harris", 'keywords': ['public', 'vice', 'doesnt', 'boosted', 'house', 'vaccinated', 'president', 'cent', 'tests', 'covid19', 'white'], 'polarity': 0.0515, 'subjectivity': 0.2984, 'link': 'https://www.thestar.com/news/world/2022/04/26/america-doesnt-much-care-about-covid-19-anymore-just-ask-kamala-harris.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:44', 'summary': 'When the White House announced Kamala Harris’ health status on Tuesday, the terse five-sentence statement from her press secretary, Kirsten Allen, encapsulated something of the current U.S. coronavirus posture neatly.\n“Today, Vice President Harris tested positive for COVID-19 on rapid and PCR tests.\nShe has exhibited no symptoms, will isolate and continue to work from the vice president’s residence,” the statement began.\n“We are in a complicated moment in the pandemic,” White House Coronavirus Task Force Coordinator Dr. Ashish Jha wrote in a CNN oped that urged renewed funding and was circulated by the White House this week.\nThe vice president will return to the White House when she tests negative.”And what about the 79-year-old president?', 'channel': 'thestar.com', 'text': 'WASHINGTON—The vice-president of the United States has COVID-19.\n\nHo-hum. Carry on. For now, at least.\n\nWhen the White House announced Kamala Harris’ health status on Tuesday, the terse five-sentence statement from her press secretary, Kirsten Allen, encapsulated something of the current U.S. coronavirus posture neatly.\n\n“Today, Vice President Harris tested positive for COVID-19 on rapid and PCR tests. She has exhibited no symptoms, will isolate and continue to work from the vice president’s residence,” the statement began. It said she hadn’t recently had close contact with the president due to travel schedules.\n\nThere were immediate news alerts, but the cable news channels didn’t turn to the Veep’s diagnosis for long before returning to Ukraine, Alec Baldwin, and Elon Musk buying Twitter.\n\nThat relative shrug at Harris’ news mirrors the broader approach to the COVID situation, in which the virus continues to circulate in the U.S., clearly even among the vaccinated and boosted. In D.C. within the past six weeks, the list of movers and shakers who’ve contracted the illness after all of this time includes the speaker of the House of Representatives, the mayor of Washington, and the president’s press secretary (for a second time). But mask requirements in most places are all but a memory, freely available at-home antigen tests have largely begun replacing official PCR testing for most suspected cases, and isolation protocols have been greatly relaxed. For weeks, Congress has been delaying passage of renewed funding to fight COVID.\n\n“We are in a complicated moment in the pandemic,” White House Coronavirus Task Force Coordinator Dr. Ashish Jha wrote in a CNN oped that urged renewed funding and was circulated by the White House this week. “Infections, while low, are rising again in many parts of the country — driven by a new and more transmissible subvariant of Omicron, known as BA.2,” he wrote. “While deaths are declining, hundreds of Americans are still dying from COVID-19 each day.” He warned against the impulse to “think the pandemic is over.”\n\nYet clearly, authorities are eager not to dwell on it any more, either — it has dropped off as a public topic of daily discussion in the White House, and new or revived restrictions aren’t really up for discussion. Much (but not all) of the public is with them on that.\n\nYou can certainly see a change in tone and sense of alarm from the last time an elected member of the executive branch tested positive — when a death watch convened at the Walter Reed Hospital and media parsed the details of a White House superspreader event where he may have contracted or given it to those around him.\n\nPart of the difference now — in Harris’ case and more generally — is the widespread availability and efficacy of vaccines in preventing hospitalizations and death. And among the unvaccinated, the incidence of some immunity from prior infection is high — according to the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) , by February of this year, more than 60 per cent of Americans had been infected with coronavirus at least once.\n\nLikely because of the combination of those two factors, U.S. hospitalizations are at their lowest level since the pandemic’s beginning in March 2020, and deaths have continued to drop despite a rise in infections in the northeast part of the country.\n\nSo there has been no rush with the recent Omicron variant to return to prevention precautions. The White House is appealing a court ruling that struck down the mandate on airplanes and public transit — but widespread reporting suggests the appeal has more to do with the precedent set by the decision, and that mandates won’t be reimposed in the case of victory.\n\nThe White House continues to push, at every opportunity, the message that people should get vaccinated and boosted, though it appears that message may be a matter of preaching to a well-rehearsed choir at this point. Since early February, the number of two-dose vaccinated Americans (about two-thirds) has barely budged and the percentage boosted (30 per cent) has risen only a smidge.\n\nAnd while the Biden administration is distributing millions of free at-home antigen tests and high-quality N95 masks to the public (in our neighbourhood, households can pick up boxes of both at the local library each day), much of its emphasis is moving from individual efforts at prevention to mass detection through wastewater monitoring and, especially, to treatment.\n\nOn Tuesday morning, the Biden administration announced it was increasing the supply of the antiviral drug Paxlovid available free to the public (which, in a briefing call, a senior administration official said reduced the risk of hospitalization and death by 90 per cent) and is ramping up a “test to treat” program in which high-risk people can get a test and, if necessary, a doctor visit and antiviral pill all in one visit, for free.\n\nLess worry about containing the virus, it appears, and more focus on containing the damage it causes.\n\nThe final sentences of the announcement of Harris’ diagnosis reflected a sense this would soon pass. “She will follow CDC guidelines and the advice of her physicians. The vice president will return to the White House when she tests negative.”\n\nAnd what about the 79-year-old president? At the White House press briefing Tuesday, Dr. Jha said that while Harris had no recent contact with Biden, “I wouldn’t say it’s just a matter of time, but of course it is possible that the president, like any other American, could get COVID. The bottom line is he is vaccinated and boosted, he is very well protected, he’s got very good protocols around him to protect him from getting infected. But there is no 100 per cent anything.”\n\nCarry on, then. For now, at least.\n\nSHARE:', 'image': 'https://images.thestar.com/6VxvUonBGgwHtilPmx4Ed4IQhoA=/1200x800/smart/filters:cb(1651010145873)/https://www.thestar.com/content/dam/thestar/news/world/2022/04/26/america-doesnt-much-care-about-covid-19-anymore-just-ask-kamala-harris/kamala.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:44'}

{'title': 'Ottawa, St. Johns, more on schedule for 2022 Royal Tour of Canada', 'keywords': ['royal', 'canadian', 'platinum', 'jubilee', 'schedule', 'prince', 'wales', '2022', 'visit', 'duchess'], 'polarity': 0.0211, 'subjectivity': 0.1778, 'link': 'https://www.mykemptvillenow.com/47322/ottawa-st-johns-more-on-schedule-for-2022-royal-tour-of-canada/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:47', 'summary': 'The schedule for the 2022 Royal Tour of Canada has been released.\nCharles, Prince of Wales, and his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall will spend three days in Canada in celebration of Queen Elizabeth’s Platinum Jubilee.\nAccording to senior Government of Canada officials, the tour will start in St. John’s on May 17.\nThis will mark the Royal’s first visit to Newfoundland and Labrador since 2009 and the Duchess of Cornwall’s first Canadian tour.\nThe tour will end at the Ceremonial Circle for a Platinum Jubilee Celebration and unveiling of a plaque at the Northwest Territories Platinum Jubilee Garden.', 'channel': 'mykemptvillenow.com', 'text': 'The schedule for the 2022 Royal Tour of Canada has been released.\n\nCharles, Prince of Wales, and his wife Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall will spend three days in Canada in celebration of Queen Elizabeth’s Platinum Jubilee.\n\nThis year marks 70 years since Her Majesty became Queen.\n\nAccording to senior Government of Canada officials, the tour will start in St. John’s on May 17.\n\nThis will mark the Royal’s first visit to Newfoundland and Labrador since 2009 and the Duchess of Cornwall’s first Canadian tour.\n\nThey will participate in a moment of reflection and prayer with Indigenous Leaders at the Heart Garden, which was created to honour and remember the Indigenous children who attended residential schools in Labrador and Northern Newfoundland.\n\nThe royal couple will arrive in Ottawa on May 18. The Prince of Wales will be invested into the Order of Military Merit during a ceremony at Rideau Hall. Afterwards, he and The Duchess of Cornwall will lay a wreath in honour of Canadian veterans and active service members at the National War Memorial near Parliament Hill.\n\nThey will also meet with members and organizations within the Canadian Ukrainian community and take part in a traditional prayer service at a cathedral in Ottawa and learn about what Canada is doing to support Ukraine.\n\nThe Prince of Wales will be involved in bilateral meetings with Governor General Mary Simon and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau ending with an evening reception where Their Royal Highnesses will celebrate Her Majesty’s Platinum Jubilee at Rideau Hall.\n\nThe royal couple’s last stop in the Northwest Territories will be highlighted by a visit to Dettah, a Dene First Nation community, to experience local culture. The Prince of Wales will be appointed as an Honorary Canadian Ranger to mark the Canadian Rangers’ 75th anniversary.\n\nThe tour will end at the Ceremonial Circle for a Platinum Jubilee Celebration and unveiling of a plaque at the Northwest Territories Platinum Jubilee Garden.\n\n***With files from Matthew Reisler', 'image': 'https://www.mykemptvillenow.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/prince-of-wales-80861_1920-1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:47'}
{'title': "Prince Charles and Camilla will ‘listen and learn' from indigenous communities on Canada tour", 'keywords': ['tour', 'royal', 'camilla', 'listen', 'coast', 'community', 'prince', 'visit', 'meet'], 'polarity': -0.0071, 'subjectivity': 0.2179, 'link': 'https://www.telegraph.co.uk/royal-family/2022/04/26/charles-camilla-will-listen-learn-indigenous-communities-canada/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:58', 'summary': 'Announcing details of the tour, senior aides to the Prince emphasised his long ties with indigenous communities and the couple’s hope to “meet with, listen to and celebrate with Canadians from coast to coast to coast”.\n“Throughout the tour, Their Royal Highnesses will take the opportunity to continue to engage with indigenous communities,” said Chris Fitzgerald, the Prince’s deputy private secretary.\n“Over five decades, His Royal Highness continues to learn from indigenous peoples in Canada and around the world.\nAs part of his work campaigning to solve climate change, the Prince will visit an “ice road” which connects the community of Dettah with Yellowknife, the capital city of the Northwest Territories.\nGlobal warming is causing it to thaw earlier each year, turning a 20-minute trip into a two-and-a-half-hour journey along an alternative route.', 'channel': 'telegraph.co.uk', 'text': 'Announcing details of the tour, senior aides to the Prince emphasised his long ties with indigenous communities and the couple’s hope to “meet with, listen to and celebrate with Canadians from coast to coast to coast”.\n\nWithin hours of landing in the Commonwealth country, the couple will take part in a “solemn moment of reflection and prayer” in a garden dedicated to indigenous victims of the school system which saw thousands of children abused.\n\n“Throughout the tour, Their Royal Highnesses will take the opportunity to continue to engage with indigenous communities,” said Chris Fitzgerald, the Prince’s deputy private secretary.\n\n“Over five decades, His Royal Highness continues to learn from indigenous peoples in Canada and around the world.\n\n“He recognises their deep ties to the land and water and the critical traditional knowledge they hold to restore harmony between people and nature.”\n\nDuring the visit, which was at the invitation of the Canadian government, the Prince and Duchess will also hail the country’s response to refugees and meet members of Canada’s Ukrainian community, the largest outside Europe.\n\nAs part of his work campaigning to solve climate change, the Prince will visit an “ice road” which connects the community of Dettah with Yellowknife, the capital city of the Northwest Territories.\n\nGlobal warming is causing it to thaw earlier each year, turning a 20-minute trip into a two-and-a-half-hour journey along an alternative route.', 'image': 'https://www.telegraph.co.uk/content/dam/royal-family/2022/04/26/TELEMMGLPICT000293903435_trans_NvBQzQNjv4BqBBFavxWes0s0z4GvNwFsA-694mNyTp5i2hm9T5uL5zI.jpeg?impolicy=logo-overlay', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:58'}
{'title': "Royal tour of Canada: Prince Charles and Camilla's itinerary revealed", 'keywords': ['royal', 'camillas', 'prince', 'stop', 'visit', 'canada', 'meet', 'local'], 'polarity': 0.1661, 'subjectivity': 0.2983, 'link': 'https://www.ctvnews.ca/canada/royal-tour-of-canada-prince-charles-and-camilla-s-itinerary-revealed-1.5876575', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:47', 'summary': "Between what senior government officials, Canadian Heritage, Rideau Hall and Clarence House have released, here’s everything we know so far about the royal tour.\nFIRST STOP: ST. JOHN'SPrince Charles and Camilla’s first stop in Canada will be St. John’s, N.L.\nSECOND STOP: THE NATION'S CAPITALDay two of the royal tour will see Prince Charles and Camilla visit Ottawa.\nHISTORY OF ROYAL VISITSNext month’s visit will be Charles’ 19th time coming to Canada, and Camilla’s fifth.\nDuring that tour, Charles and Camilla visited Iqaluit, Ottawa, Wellington, Trenton, Ont., and Gatineau, Que.", 'channel': 'ctvnews.ca', 'text': "OTTAWA -\n\nPreparations are well underway for Canadians to welcome Prince Charles and his wife Camilla, the Duchess of Cornwall, to Canada for a three-day, travel-filled visit happening May 17-19.\n\nBetween what senior government officials, Canadian Heritage, Rideau Hall and Clarence House have released, here’s everything we know so far about the royal tour.\n\nThe trip is set to focus on “learning from Indigenous peoples” and “working with businesses to find a more sustainable way of living with global warming,” while also celebrating the Queen's Platinum Jubilee, the 70th anniversary of her accession to the Throne.\n\nAll told, their Royal Highnesses will travel more than 3,218 kilometres (2,000 miles) across Canada during their trip.\n\nDespite polling indicating Canadians’ support for the monarchy is waning and could reach new lows under Prince Charles as king, one senior official told reporters on Tuesday that the government is “absolutely delighted” to play host.\n\nFIRST STOP: ST. JOHN'S\n\nPrince Charles and Camilla’s first stop in Canada will be St. John’s, N.L. There, the plan is they’ll be welcomed at around 1:30 local time by school children, community representatives, as well as other dignitaries with a ceremony at the Confederation Building in the capital city “which will reflect the province’s rich tradition of song and story.”\n\nHis Royal Highness is slated to give a speech, on what exactly remains to be seen.\n\nThere will also be an inspection of the Guard of Honour, and a signing of the Government of Canada “Golden Book” and the Newfoundland and Labrador guestbook, before moving on to visit Government House, the official residence of Lieutenant-Governor of Newfoundland and Labrador Judy Foote.\n\nThere, the pair will meet with Indigenous leaders at a garden dedicated to the memory of Indigenous children who were lost and those who survived the residential school system “for a solemn moment of reflection,” and then, with Foote, lay a bronze marker at to inaugurate a new “commonwealth walkway.”\n\nAt some point during this stop at Government House, there’s plans for the royal couple to participate in “a discussion on Canada’s wool industry” and partake in a knitting circle with “NONIA knitters,” a century-old non-profit organization.\n\nThen, like all good tourists to St. John’s, the Prince and the Duchess will visit the Quidi Vidi Village “to meet local artists and members of the local food industries and fishing communities.”\n\nTo round out their “walkabout” with an iconic east coast backdrop, Charles and Camilla will pop into the local brewery to learn about how they make their growing list of beers, which includes the well-known lager made with 20,000-year-old water from an iceberg.\n\nSECOND STOP: THE NATION'S CAPITAL\n\nDay two of the royal tour will see Prince Charles and Camilla visit Ottawa.\n\nFirst item on their itinerary will be seeing the Prince of Wales invested into the Order of Military Merit at Rideau Hall. Then, he and the Duchess will be joining Gov. Gen. Mary Simon at the National War Memorial—recent site of trucker convoy desecration—to lay a wreath to “remember those Canadians who lost their lives in service to their country.”\n\nThen, the pair will meet with members and organizations from the Ukrainian community and participate in a traditional prayer service at a yet-to-be-named Ottawa cathedral. Among the topics of discussion during this meeting: Canada’s efforts to support Ukrainians who have fled Russia’s unjustified war in the country.\n\nThat afternoon, the royal tour will continue at a Vanier-neighbourhood elementary school where Charles and Camilla will speak with parents of students— many of whom are new arrivals to Canada—as well as teachers and organizations “on the importance of literacy,” and providing support to newcomers.\n\nIt wouldn’t be a classic day in Ottawa without some heady policy talk. Prince Charles has plans to partake in a roundtable led by Environment and Climate Change Canada and featuring business leaders, academics, and civil society organizations on “sustainable finance in combating climate change and building a net-zero economy.”\n\nThen, they’ll saddle up to the home of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police Musical Ride, where the royals will meet the riders, walk through the stables and be given “a special performance.” In case you didn’t know, Prince Charles has been an honorary RCMP Commissioner since 2012.\n\nRounding out their visit to the city, the couple will meet with Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and partake in a “special evening reception” at Rideau Hall—a walkway away from Trudeau’s residence—to celebrate the Queen being Canada’s longest reigning Sovereign.\n\nIn attendance at this soiree will be a mix of Canadians who “have dedicated their lives to serving their communities.”\n\nWhen the royal tour was first announced, Trudeau’s office issued a statement saying he and his wife Sophie were looking forward to welcoming Charles and Camilla and “showing them some of the many reasons why we take pride in being Canadian.”\n\nTHIRD STOP: THE NORTH\n\nFor their final day in Canada, Prince Charles and Camilla will be heading north.\n\nThey’ll be flying to Yellowknife, the capital of Northwest Territories, where they’ll visit Dettah, a Dene First Nation community to partake in local culture and traditions. They will also speak with local chiefs and elders, and visit a school that provides culturally-responsive teaching.\n\nIt looks like the couple will then go separate ways, with Charles heading to a park to meet with members of the Canadian Rangers and be appointed as an honorary one and then meet with locals at an ice road to talk about the impact of climate change and Indigenous-led solutions.\n\nMeanwhile, Camilla will visit a transitional housing facility for women and children who are fleeing domestic violence, and will partake in a bannock-making demonstration.\n\nThey’ll reconvene at the Prince of Wales Northern Heritage Centre to meet with local food producers, and watch a demonstration of Inuit sports. Their Royal Highnesses will also be part of a discussion on Treaty 11, which is the last of Canada’s numbered treaties signed by the Crown and First Nations in Northwest Territories in 1921.\n\nRounding out their trip they’ll make one last stop at a place called the “Ceremonial Circle” for another Platinum Jubilee celebration which will include a flag raising and a presentation of various symbolic plants and flowers.\n\nThe royal couple is scheduled to depart at 6:30 p.m. local time from the Yellowknife airport, and their sendoff will include some elements of pomp and circumstance, including the participation of military officials.\n\nHISTORY OF ROYAL VISITS\n\nNext month’s visit will be Charles’ 19th time coming to Canada, and Camilla’s fifth. His first time here was in 1970, and hers was in 2009.\n\nThe couple was last in Canada in 2017, and took part in Canada 150 celebrations. During that tour, Charles and Camilla visited Iqaluit, Ottawa, Wellington, Trenton, Ont., and Gatineau, Que.\n\nIt’s been more than a decade since Queen Elizabeth II was in Canada. Her 22nd and last tour was in 2010 and during that trip she visited Halifax, Ottawa, Winnipeg, Toronto, Kitchener and Waterloo. Canada is the country the Queen has visited the most during her reign.\n\nCanadian Heritage is asking for folks to send greetings to Prince Charles and Camilla using the hashtag #RoyalGreetings with a picture or video of where you are from and what’s special about it.\n\nThe department is also suggesting that if you “happen to take part in the tour,” to share any photos or videos online using #RoyalVisitCanada.", 'image': 'https://www.ctvnews.ca/content/dam/ctvnews/en/images/2022/4/26/prince-charles-and-camilla--duchess-of-cornwall-1-5876585-1650986305469.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:47'}

{'title': "Luck and fear had a hand in Macron's victory over far right", 'keywords': ['votes', 'macrons', 'french', 'pen', 'right', 'victory', 'far', 'president', 'party', 'hand', 'round', 'candidates', 'luck', 'fear'], 'polarity': 0.0456, 'subjectivity': 0.2703, 'link': 'https://www.cbc.ca/news/macron-france-reelection-win-1.6429798?cmp=rss', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:41', 'summary': "The French president came to office five years ago promising to push through major change.\n(Christophe Archambault/AFP/Getty Images)Further luck: far-right leader Marine Le Pen found herself battling for votes with Eric Zemmour, a man with even more pronounced extremist views.\nLe Pen had been loud in her praise of Putin right up to his brutal invasion of Ukraine earlier this year.\nLe Pen also managed to fumble her strongest argument, the sharply rising cost of living.\nThe good news for Macron is that Le Pen and Zemmour are still fighting on the far right and won't form a coalition.", 'channel': 'cbc.ca', 'text': 'Well, in the end, it seemed relatively easy.\n\nAn impressive 58.5 per cent. Not quite the crushing two-thirds of the vote Emmanuel Macron won five years ago. But almost every other winner of the French presidency would have been very happy with his score.\n\n"Is he lucky?"\n\nThat was the question Cardinal Mazarin always asked about prospective ministers. The cardinal was the right-hand man — the prime minister in all but name — of Louis XIV for almost two decades in the 1600s. Mazarin was apparently deeply superstitious, and only wanted "lucky" lieutenants.\n\nIn Macron\'s case, the answer has to be "yes."\n\nThe French president came to office five years ago promising to push through major change. Instead, major change pushed him and his government around.\n\nThere was a leaderless uprising in the smaller towns and countryside of France called "les gilets jaunes," or Yellow Vests, who resisted an "environmental" tax on diesel fuel that they claimed would drive poorer drivers into debt. (The tax was dropped.) Then, the devastation of COVID-19. Meanwhile, the eight-year French military expedition in several countries of sub-Saharan Africa, sent to wipe out ISIS groups, has largely failed. The French forces are pulling back and the extremists hold even more territory.\n\nBut Macron could rely on his luck.\n\nThe Yellow Vests exhausted themselves and the country three years ago — although it took months, not weeks as in Canada with the recent truckers\' protests.\n\nAfter a stuttering initial response to COVID-19, Macron\'s push to vaccinate the population earned grudging support from the majority of voters.\n\nAnd the African debacle has been completely overshadowed by war in Ukraine.\n\nA splintered opposition\n\nFrench presidential elections are run in two rounds. The first round is wide open; the second, two weeks later, is a runoff between the two candidates with the most votes in the first round.\n\nMacron\'s biggest luck lay in the lineup of opponents against him for the presidency this time around. There were no fewer than 11 candidates in the first round, splintering the opposition vote.\n\nMarine Le Pen, the French presidential candidate for the far-right Rassemblement National (RN) party, salutes supporters after a speech at the Pavillon d\'Armenonville in Paris on April 24. She ended up getting 41.5 per cent of the vote. (Christophe Archambault/AFP/Getty Images)\n\nFurther luck: far-right leader Marine Le Pen found herself battling for votes with Eric Zemmour, a man with even more pronounced extremist views. On Jan. 16, in the midst of the campaign, Zemmour was fined almost $15,000 by a Paris court for inciting racial hatred. He had said on television in 2020 that unaccompanied child migrants in France are "thieves," "rapists" and "murderers."\n\nZemmour called the court\'s decision "ideological and stupid." But he faded and Le Pen came second in the first round, almost five per cent behind Macron.\n\nLe Pen was running for president for a third time, the second time against Macron, the man she and many voters denounced as arrogant.\n\nThe incumbent president didn\'t so much defend his record as attack Le Pen\'s program. Macron said she was anti-Europe, anti-immigrant and beholden to Russian President Vladimir Putin. In the candidates\' debate on April 20, Macron referred to a nine million euro ($14 million Cdn) loan her party obtained from a Kremlin-linked bank in 2014.\n\n"When you talk to Russia," Macron said to her, "you are not talking to its leaders; you are talking to your banker."\n\n\'A victory of relief\'\n\nThis was a killer line. Le Pen had been loud in her praise of Putin right up to his brutal invasion of Ukraine earlier this year.\n\nLe Pen also managed to fumble her strongest argument, the sharply rising cost of living. Macron pointed out that he had capped energy prices and was sending special cost-of-living cheques to the poorest voters while Le Pen proposed cutting the value added tax (VAT) across the board, which Macron said would benefit "people like you and me," who didn\'t need help nearly as much.\n\nAnd so he won. Macron is the first French president to be re-elected in 20 years, but commentators like Brice Teinturier, of the polling institute Ipsos, called it "more a victory of relief. Hope seems quite absent from the result of this election."\n\nEven Macron seemed pensive in his victory speech. "I know that many people voted for me not in support of my ideas, but to block the extreme right."\n\nThese defaced campaign posters for Macron and Le Pen in southwestern France demonstrate the broader discontent with the choice of candidates in the runoff in the 2022 presidential election. (Bob Edme/The Associated Press)\n\nHis speech was short and sober. The election-night party under the Eiffel Tower was over by 10 p.m. European leaders rushed to show their relief and congratulate the president. Macron\'s ministers told interviewers that the Macron II government would be much more open and voter-friendly.\n\nThere is a whiff of worry in the air.\n\nMacron and his custom-built party, La République En Marche (Republic on the Move), now face parliamentary elections in June. The battle will be uphill.\n\nLingering divisions\n\nAs Teinturier and other analysts underline, the far-right candidates gathered almost one-third of the votes in the first round. Add to that votes for far-left candidates and you have almost 58 per cent of the electorate. The candidates for the traditional centre-right Republicans and centre-left Socialists won, together, less than seven per cent.\n\nAlready the parties on the far left are holding coalition talks and the third-place finisher in the first round, Jean-Luc Mélenchon (who almost squeaked past Le Pen in a last-minute surge), sees himself as the leader of a majority and a prime minister-in-waiting.\n\nJean-Luc Melenchon, leader of the leftist party La France Insoumise (Unbowed France), seen here in 2017, could become prime minister after legislative elections in June. (Reuters / Alain Jocard)\n\nThis has happened twice in recent history. The French call it "cohabitation," and when the opposition has a legislative majority and forms a government, the president finds himself all but politically naked, stripped of most economic powers.\n\nThe good news for Macron is that Le Pen and Zemmour are still fighting on the far right and won\'t form a coalition. The bad news is that his own party is seen as little more than yes men and women.\n\nMore bad news: the election analyst Jérome Fourquet said the election results showed the deep geographical and economic split in the country. In the first round, Le Pen won less than six per cent of the votes in the capital, Paris, while racking up big first-place scores in poorer areas in the north and south.\n\n"The presidential campaign was fleeting and lacked substance," Fourquet said in an interview with the newspaper Le Figaro. "It offered no safety valve or cathartic purge of the tension running through the country. The fear is that all this will move from parliament and spill into the streets."\n\nMacron could be wondering if his luck is about to run out.', 'image': 'https://i.cbc.ca/1.6429515.1650833608!/fileImage/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/16x9_620/1240214069.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:41'}
{'title': "France's Macron faces a divided nation after election win", 'keywords': ['vote', 'french', 'pen', 'victory', 'president', 'far', 'election', 'round', 'frances', 'faces'], 'polarity': 0.1227, 'subjectivity': 0.3414, 'link': 'https://www.france24.com/en/france/20220426-france-s-macron-faces-challenges-in-a-divided-nation-after-election-win', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:48', 'summary': 'French President Emmanuel Macron addresses supporters after his election victory at the Champ de Mars in Paris, on April 24, 2022.\nMacron is the first French president in two decades to win a second term and his victory prompted a sigh of relief throughout Europe.\nBut his win over his far-right rival was narrower than their last face-off in 2017, when Macron won more than 66 percent.\nMacron acknowledged some of the challenges he now faces in his victory speech Sunday night in front of the Eiffel Tower in Paris.\nSenior Le Pen aide Jean-Philippe Tanguy said Monday that Zemmour would have to acknowledge that she was the leader of the opposition.', 'channel': 'france24.com', 'text': 'French President Emmanuel Macron addresses supporters after his election victory at the Champ de Mars in Paris, on April 24, 2022.\n\nFrench President Emmanuel Macron faced the daunting challenge of uniting a deeply divided nation Tuesday after winning re-election in a battle against Marine Le Pen that saw the far right come its closest yet to taking power.\n\nAdvertising Read more\n\nCentrist Macron won 58.54 percent of the vote in the second-round run-off compared with 41.46 for Le Pen, according to final results from the interior ministry.\n\nMacron is the first French president in two decades to win a second term and his victory prompted a sigh of relief throughout Europe.\n\nBut his win over his far-right rival was narrower than their last face-off in 2017, when Macron won more than 66 percent. Le Pen\'s result this time around was the best ever for the far right.\n\nMacron acknowledged some of the challenges he now faces in his victory speech Sunday night in front of the Eiffel Tower in Paris.\n\n“Our country is beset by doubts and divisions,” he said. “Today’s vote requires us to consider all the hardships of people’s lives and to respond effectively to them and to the anger expressed.”\n\nThe French president has a long to-do list, ranging from preparing for key parliamentary elections in June to implementing his long-delayed pension reform plans and dealing with the Russian invasion of Ukraine.\n\nMacron also has to contend with an energised far left, many of whom backed far-leftist Jean-Luc Mélenchon in the first round and voted for the incumbent in the final round only to stop a far-right victory.\n\n“There are not just two Frances, there are at least three,” said Brice Teinturier, head of the Ipsos polling institute, speaking on France Inter radio. Mélenchon’s France is not reconcilable with Le Pen’s, he said. "Its values and aspirations are radically opposed to those of the far right.”\n\n"The difficulties are going to start real soon," Teinturier told AFP.\n\nOverseas territories reject Macron: Voters choose Le Pen after voting Mélenchon in 1st round 01:53\n\nDisenchantment\n\nAddressing supporters late on Sunday, Macron vowed to heal rifts in a deeply divided country, promising a response to the "anger" that prompted many French to vote for the far right.\n\nTurnout was the lowest in any presidential election second-round run-off since 1969 and, in another striking sign of disenchantment with politics, 8.6 percent of people who showed up to vote either submitted a blank or nullified ballot in protest.\n\n"We need to respond to the angry and worried messages from millions of French people who say, \'I can\'t make ends meet\'," Finance Minister Bruno Le Maire said Monday.\n\nThe 44-year-old president now faces parliamentary elections in June, where keeping a majority will be critical for his ambitions.\n\n"Macron\'s biggest challenge will be to create a sense of cohesion in an extremely fragmented country," said Tara Varma, senior policy fellow and head of the Paris office of the European Council on Foreign Relations.\n\n\'Victory without triumph\'\n\nFrench daily Le Monde called Macron\'s win "an evening of victory without a triumph".\n\nConservative daily Le Figaro said Macron\'s win was "no mean feat" but also asked: "Who can possibly believe that it is rooted in popular support?"\n\nWithin the next two weeks Macron is expected to reshuffle his government, with the departure of Prime Minister Jean Castex a near certainty, and several other ministers also likely to be replaced.\n\n"Many in government are exhausted and he needs new blood," said one Élysée official who asked not to be named.\n\nMacron will aim for gender parity in his next cabinet and has said he would like to see a woman become his next prime minister.\n\nFor Le Pen, 53, her third defeat in a presidential poll was a bitter pill after years of trying to soften her far-right image to make herself more electable. But she made clear she still had political ambitions.\n\nLe Pen said on Sunday she would "never abandon" the French and declared that she had scored a "brilliant victory" in her defeat.\n\nFor the upcoming parliamentary elections, her party has not formed an alliance with that of far-right rival Éric Zemmour, who scored 7 percent in the first round of the presidential election.\n\nSenior Le Pen aide Jean-Philippe Tanguy said Monday that Zemmour would have to acknowledge that she was the leader of the opposition.\n\nFrench parties look to win seats in June parliamentary election 01:40\n\nRelief among allies\n\nMacron will now try to implement his vision of more pro-business reforms and tighter EU integration after a first term overshadowed by protests, then the coronavirus pandemic and finally Russia\'s invasion of Ukraine.\n\nMacron\'s re-election sparked relief across Europe, where he has been seen as a guarantor of continuity.\n\nItalian Prime Minister Mario Draghi called Macron\'s victory "great news", European Commission chief Ursula von der Leyen said she was "delighted" and German Chancellor Olaf Scholz said French voters had "sent a strong vote of confidence in Europe today".\n\nUS President Joe Biden, Canada\'s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Australian premier Scott Morrison also welcomed his win.\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin – whom Macron had unsuccessfully sought to persuade to end the invasion of Ukraine – said Monday he wished the French president "success in your state activities, as well as good health and well-being".\n\nUkrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky called Macron "a true friend of Ukraine".\n\n(FRANCE 24 with AFP)\n\nFrench presidential election © France 24\n\nDaily newsletterReceive essential international news every morning Subscribe', 'image': 'https://s.france24.com/media/display/07fd6986-c525-11ec-9a8a-005056bf8594/w:1280/p:16x9/macron-emotion.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:48'}
{'title': 'Macron seeks to heal French divisions after re-election', 'keywords': ['vote', 'french', 'win', 'europe', 'victory', 'president', 'reelection', 'pen', 'term'], 'polarity': 0.0975, 'subjectivity': 0.3658, 'link': 'https://www.batimes.com.ar/news/world/macron-seeks-to-heal-french-divisions-after-re-election-win-over-le-pen.phtml', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:37', 'summary': 'French President Emmanuel Macron sought to unite a deeply divided nation Monday after winning re-election in a battle against rival Marine Le Pen that saw the far right come its closest yet to taking power.\nCentrist Macron won 58.54 percent of the vote in the second-round run-off compared with 41.46 for Le Pen, according to final results from the Interior Ministry.\n\'Everybody\'s president\'Addressing supporters in the shadow of the Eiffel Tower late Sunday, Macron vowed to heal rifts in a deeply divided country.\nFor Le Pen, her third defeat in a presidential poll was a bitter pill after years of effort at making herself electable.\nOn Sunday Le Pen, 53, said she would "never abandon" the French and was already preparing for the June legislative elections.', 'channel': 'batimes.com.ar', 'text': 'French President Emmanuel Macron sought to unite a deeply divided nation Monday after winning re-election in a battle against rival Marine Le Pen that saw the far right come its closest yet to taking power.\n\nCentrist Macron won 58.54 percent of the vote in the second-round run-off compared with 41.46 for Le Pen, according to final results from the Interior Ministry.\n\nMacron is the first French president in two decades to win a second term and his victory prompted a sigh of relief throughout Europe that the far right had again been thwarted from taking power in the key EU state.\n\nBut his latest victory over his far-right rival was narrower than their last face-off in 2017 when Macron won over 66 percent, and Le Pen\'s result was the best ever for the far right.\n\nThe president already has a daunting in-tray, ranging from preparing for parliamentary elections as soon as June to implementing explosive pension reform plans and dealing with the Russian invasion of Ukraine.\n\nAmong those sending Macron their best wishes on Sunday evening was Argentina\'s President Alberto Fernández, who posted a message in both Spanish and French on Twitter.\n\n"The French people have clearly expressed that they are in favour of @EmmanuelMacron\'s democratic project. In the face of the strident voices from the extreme right, propagators of hatred and prejudice, the calm force of democrats is once again the political majority in France," he wrote.\n\n\'Everybody\'s president\'\n\nAddressing supporters in the shadow of the Eiffel Tower late Sunday, Macron vowed to heal rifts in a deeply divided country.\n\n"From now on, I am not the candidate of one camp, but everybody\'s president," he said. "An answer must be found to the anger and disagreements that led many of our compatriots to vote for the extreme right."\n\nTurnout was the lowest in any presidential election second-round run-off since 1969 and, in another striking sign of disenchantment with politics, 8.6 percent of people who voted either delivered a blank ballot or spoilt their papers.\n\nThe 44-year-old president now faces the challenge of parliamentary elections in June, where keeping a majority will be critical for his ambitions.\n\nIn a sign of roadblocks ahead, two polls published late Sunday showed that most voters do not wish for him to also carry the parliamentary vote.\n\n"Macron\'s biggest challenge will be to create a sense of cohesion in an extremely fragmented country," said Tara Varma, senior policy fellow and head of the Paris office of the European Council on Foreign Relations.\n\n\'Victory without triumph\'\n\nFrench daily Le Monde called Macron\'s win "an evening of victory without a triumph", while left-leaning Liberation called it "a victory without the glory."\n\nConservative daily Le Figaro said after all the challenges of his first term, Macron\'s win was "no mean feat," but also asked: "Who can possibly believe that it is rooted in popular support?"\n\nFor Le Pen, her third defeat in a presidential poll was a bitter pill after years of effort at making herself electable.\n\nOn Sunday Le Pen, 53, said she would "never abandon" the French and was already preparing for the June legislative elections.\n\nMacron\'s re-election sparked relief across Europe where he has been seen as a guarantor of continuity.\n\nItalian Prime Minister Mario Draghi called Macron\'s victory "great news for all of Europe" while German Chancellor Olaf Scholz said French voters "sent a strong vote of confidence in Europe today."\n\nEuropean Council president Charles Michel said the bloc could now "count on France for five more years" while European Commission chief Ursula von der Leyen said she was "delighted."\n\nThe praise was echoed by other world leaders, including US President Joe Biden, Canada\'s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison.\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin – who Macron has unsuccessfully sought to persuade to end the invasion of Ukraine – said Monday he wished the French president "success in your state activities, as well as good health and well-being."\n\n\'A true friend\'\n\nUkrainian leader Volodymyr Zelensky told Macron he was "a true friend of Ukraine."\n\nChina\'s President Xi Jinping said he wanted "to maintain diplomatic relations based on independence, mutual understanding, foresight and mutual benefit" with Macron.\n\nThe French leader will now try to implement his vision of more pro-business reform and tighter EU integration, after a first term shadowed by protests, then the coronavirus pandemic and finally Russia\'s invasion of Ukraine.\n\nThe president\'s re-election failed to spark much positive sentiment on the Paris stock exchange, where investors paid more attention to geopolitical worries and inflation fears, but also noted France\'s coming challenges.\n\nAnalysts at Danske Bank said he "is facing growing headwinds both from the economy, and growing divisions" which they said "could make it difficult for Macron to continue his ambitious reform of the pension, health and education systems".\n\nThe euro fell back against the dollar, having earlier recorded small gains on the election result.\n\n– TIMES/AFP', 'image': 'https://fotos.perfil.com/2022/04/25/trim/1140/641/emmanuel-macron-election-win-1346247.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:37'}

{'title': 'More COVID variants will emerge without higher global vaccine rates', 'keywords': ['countries', 'international', 'canada', 'emerge', 'rates', 'covid19', 'vaccines', 'pandemic'], 'polarity': 0.0591, 'subjectivity': 0.2858, 'link': 'https://www.nationalobserver.com/2022/04/26/news/covid-variants-emerge-higher-global-vaccine-rates', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:06', 'summary': 'Seth Berkley, the head of Gavi, said while Canada is offering fourth doses of COVID-19 vaccines and has a vaccination rate above 80 per cent of the population, the global rate is just 59 per cent.\nNew #variants will fuel COVID pandemic unless global vaccine rate rises: #Gavi, #UNICEF.\nThere are now plenty of manufactured vaccine doses available, but less-developed countries lack the capacity to actually get people vaccinated.\n"There\'s this sort of feeling that COVID-19 is over, that we can change the channel that we can turn the page.\nAnd I think both our witnesses today have made it very, very clear that we are not out of this pandemic."', 'channel': 'nationalobserver.com', 'text': 'With pandemic restrictions easing across Canada, a House of Commons committee was warned today that disruptive new variants of COVID-19 will continue to emerge every few months unless the low vaccination rate in poorer countries rises. The message was delivered to the Commons foreign affairs committee by the head of Gavi, the international organization leading the distribution of vaccines to the developing world, and a senior United Nations Children\'s Agency official. Seth Berkley, the head of Gavi, said while Canada is offering fourth doses of COVID-19 vaccines and has a vaccination rate above 80 per cent of the population, the global rate is just 59 per cent. Get top stories in your inbox. Our award-winning journalists bring you the news that impacts you, Canada, and the world. Don\'t miss out. He said in the poorest 18 countries, less than 10 per cent of people are fully vaccinated. Berkley said with 2.7 billion people unvaccinated around the world COVID-19 has ample space to mutate into new variants, including the recent Omicron strain, which is sickening triple-vaccinated people in the developed world.\n\n"Even though many countries with high coverage have now relaxed restrictions and reopened their societies, we are still in a state of global crisis," said Berkley. "So far, a new variant has emerged roughly every four to five months, and globally, nothing has changed to give us reason to believe that this pattern won\'t continue." Lily Caprani, the head of global health, vaccines and pandemic response for UNICEF, said it is in the "enlightened self-interest" of countries such as Canada to increase vaccination rates everywhere, otherwise there will be a continuing cycle of new variants emerging. Trans Mountain pipeline insurers dropping like flies "As we know, a new variant continues to emerge every four months or so and the threat is not over, either to those vulnerable populations, or to any country — even with high vaccine coverage," Caprani said.\n\nWhat\'s more, said Caprani, while COVID-19 might not have posed the greatest risk to children compared to other groups, the pandemic has caused them a generation\'s worth of harm in other ways. School closures, lack of access to maternal and newborn health care and a decline in immunizations of other preventable diseases has led to a re-emergence of measles and polio, she added. "Children are a kind of hidden victims of the pandemic," she said. New #variants will fuel COVID pandemic unless global vaccine rate rises: #Gavi, #UNICEF. #Covid19 #CDNPoli Caprani and Berkley told the committee that the problem of vaccine supply — which led to widespread criticism last year that Canada and other countries were vaccine hoarders — is no longer the prevailing problem. There are now plenty of manufactured vaccine doses available, but less-developed countries lack the capacity to actually get people vaccinated. They cited a range of factors from damaged or inadequate health-care systems to vaccine hesitancy, to a lack of health-care workers and basic supplies, such as syringes, to inject vaccines into willing arms. International Development Minister Harjit Sajjan noted the capacity shortcomings on a recent trip to western Africa and said he planned to look for ways to target Canada\'s aid spending to areas where it could be most useful.\n\nEarlier this month, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced Canada was increasing its contribution to COVAX, the international vaccine sharing alliance that Gavi is leading, to $700 million to help purchase, deliver and distribute COVID-19 vaccines to lower-income countries. NDP foreign affairs critic Heather McPherson told the committee she did not want to see rich countries cut back on their overall international development spending as they roll out fourth doses for their own populations. "There\'s this sort of feeling that COVID-19 is over, that we can change the channel that we can turn the page. And I think both our witnesses today have made it very, very clear that we are not out of this pandemic."', 'image': 'https://www.nationalobserver.com/sites/nationalobserver.com/files/img/2022/04/26/9fa3c04317b45bc3d9a9229d2d587605423c6e795d4c2a4131bd78aad9b7ee0e.jpg_newsroom_base.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:06'}
{'title': 'Canada donates equivalent of over 100M doses to COVAX, inching closer to 2022 target', 'keywords': ['minister', 'pandemic', 'countries', '100m', 'million', 'global', 'doses', 'covid19', 'vaccines', 'need', 'equivalent', 'told'], 'polarity': 0.1704, 'subjectivity': 0.2898, 'link': 'https://www.ctvnews.ca/health/coronavirus/canada-donates-equivalent-of-over-100m-doses-to-covax-inching-closer-to-2022-target-1.5877410', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:16', 'summary': 'Canada has donated the equivalent of more than 100 million COVID-19 vaccine doses to COVAX, the vaccine sharing alliance, through both surplus doses and financial contributions.\nAccording to Global Affairs Canada, to date 50.7 million doses deemed surplus from Canada’s procurement of AstraZeneca, Moderna, and Johnson & Johnson vaccines have been donated to the alliance.\nThe government has made a commitment to share 200 million doses through both means by the end of 2022.\nCOVAX is a global initiative aimed at accelerating the development and manufacturing of COVID-19 vaccines and their equitable distribution.\nLily Caprani, UNICEF’s head of advocacy and global lead for global health, vaccines and pandemic response, echoed a similar sentiment.', 'channel': 'ctvnews.ca', 'text': 'Canada has donated the equivalent of more than 100 million COVID-19 vaccine doses to COVAX, the vaccine sharing alliance, through both surplus doses and financial contributions.\n\nAccording to Global Affairs Canada, to date 50.7 million doses deemed surplus from Canada’s procurement of AstraZeneca, Moderna, and Johnson & Johnson vaccines have been donated to the alliance. Of that amount, more than 14 million have actually been delivered.\n\nCanada’s financial contributions have amounted to the equivalent of 87 million more doses. The government has made a commitment to share 200 million doses through both means by the end of 2022.\n\nCOVAX is a global initiative aimed at accelerating the development and manufacturing of COVID-19 vaccines and their equitable distribution. It’s led by GAVI, the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations, and the World Health Organization.\n\nOn April 8, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced an additional $220 million to the COVAX facility, on top of the up to $800 million previously committed.\n\nCanada and other wealthier nations had been criticized for hoarding vaccines amid the pandemic as lower-income countries struggle to vaccinate their population with even one dose of the COVID-19 vaccine.\n\nDuring an appearance on Monday before the House of Commons foreign affairs committee, representatives from GAVI and UNICEF said while direct dose contributions are still valuable, cash donations are proving more relevant to help with infrastructure needs for rural rollout.\n\n“COVAX’s greatest challenge is no longer supply, it is coverage. The reality is many countries are struggling with their rollouts to turn vaccines into vaccinations,” Seth Berkley, CEO of GAVI, told members of Parliament.\n\nHe said the focus now should be directed at supporting countries to scale up their delivery systems and increase absorptive capacity and demand.\n\nLily Caprani, UNICEF’s head of advocacy and global lead for global health, vaccines and pandemic response, echoed a similar sentiment.\n\n“It’s no good just delivering vaccines – the product themselves they need to get from the tarmac and into arms. And in order to do that we need sustained efforts to invest in health system capabilities in the lowest income countries in the world,” she said.\n\nBoth noted that the TRIPS waiver – a proposal to waive intellectual property rights on COVID-19 vaccines and therapeutics until the pandemic is over – is only part of the solution to equitable access to vaccines and it’s “questionable, whether by itself, it would have the same impact.”\n\nProcurement Minister Filomena Tassi told reporters on Tuesday that the government has reached out to COVAX directly to offer vaccines but have been told they “don’t need them.”\n\n“I know Minister Sajjan is actually working with countries directly to determine if there is interest. So those vaccines are available, they are there and we are doing the best that we can to offer those up,” she said.', 'image': 'https://www.ctvnews.ca/content/dam/ctvnews/en/images/2022/4/26/covax-1-5877446-1651012969621.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:16'}
{'title': 'Statement by the Prime Minister on National Immunization Awareness Week', 'keywords': ['minister', 'national', 'health', 'canadians', 'help', 'canada', 'covid19', 'vaccines', 'pandemic'], 'polarity': 0.3052, 'subjectivity': 0.3805, 'link': 'https://pm.gc.ca/en/news/statements/2022/04/25/statement-prime-minister-national-immunization-awareness-week', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:32', 'summary': 'The Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau, today issued the following statement to mark National Immunization Awareness Week, which runs from April 23 to 30, 2022:“Today, as we mark the 20th National Immunization Awareness Week, I want to take the opportunity to thank Canadians for taking part in the largest vaccination campaign in our country’s history.\nFrom coast to coast to coast, people turned out in unprecedented numbers to help protect themselves, their families and communities from COVID‑19.\nVaccines have contributed to protecting generations of Canadians from diseases that put our health at risk and threaten our lives.\nThrough these efforts, we are better equipped to continue responding effectively to the COVID-19 pandemic and deal with future pandemics by leveraging Canada’s industrial capabilities and world-leading science.\n“This National Immunization Awareness Week, I want to join all Canadians in thanking the front-line immunizers, health care workers, public health professionals, and scientific researchers across Canada who all continue to work hard to help keep us safe and healthy.', 'channel': 'pm.gc.ca', 'text': 'The Prime Minister, Justin Trudeau, today issued the following statement to mark National Immunization Awareness Week, which runs from April 23 to 30, 2022:\n\n“Today, as we mark the 20th National Immunization Awareness Week, I want to take the opportunity to thank Canadians for taking part in the largest vaccination campaign in our country’s history. From coast to coast to coast, people turned out in unprecedented numbers to help protect themselves, their families and communities from COVID‑19. Thanks to these efforts, we are getting us back to doing the things we love, while growing the economy and creating good jobs.\n\n“To date, over 85 per cent of eligible people in Canada are vaccinated with two doses, and more than 18 million Canadians have already received booster shots. We know that vaccines are one of the best tools to help fight COVID-19 and I encourage Canadians who have not received their vaccines and boosters to do so as soon as they can.\n\n“This pandemic further illustrated what we have known for a long time: vaccination is a proven and effective public health tool. Vaccines have contributed to protecting generations of Canadians from diseases that put our health at risk and threaten our lives. During the pandemic, many in Canada and around the world have fallen behind in routine vaccinations for other vaccine-preventable diseases, so I encourage all Canadians to stay up to date on their routine vaccinations, such as annual flu vaccines.\n\n“Delivering safe and effective COVID-19 vaccines and strengthening Canada’s life sciences and bio manufacturing capabilities has been a key part of keeping Canadians healthy, while creating jobs and growing the economy. The Government of Canada is investing in bio manufacturing, supporting the development of domestic vaccine and therapeutic candidates, and advancing targeted research to help enhance Canada’s resilience and innovation capabilities. More than $1.6 billion have been invested to support 30 projects, from AbCellera in Vancouver to BioVectra in Charlottetown. Through these efforts, we are better equipped to continue responding effectively to the COVID-19 pandemic and deal with future pandemics by leveraging Canada’s industrial capabilities and world-leading science.\n\n“To end the pandemic anywhere, we have to end it everywhere. On the world stage, Canada is delivering millions of vaccines to those who need it most, while ensuring the equitable distribution of COVID‑19 tests, treatments, and vaccines through Access to COVID‑19 Tools (ACT) Accelerator.\n\n“This National Immunization Awareness Week, I want to join all Canadians in thanking the front-line immunizers, health care workers, public health professionals, and scientific researchers across Canada who all continue to work hard to help keep us safe and healthy. Thanks to you – and to the efforts of Canadians across the country – we are recovering from the pandemic and building a better future for everyone.”', 'image': 'https://pm.gc.ca/sites/pm/files/media/override_sharing/priority_override/2022-04/PM_ST_NAT_220424_EN.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:32'}

{'title': 'With 20.6% CAGR, Green Technology and Sustainability Market Size worth USD 51.09 Billion in 2029', 'keywords': ['size', 'cagr', 'technology', 'green', '5109', 'usd', 'market', 'monitoring', 'management', 'sustainability', 'water', 'solutions', 'industry', 'billion'], 'polarity': -0.0229, 'subjectivity': 0.325, 'link': 'https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/04/25/2428125/0/en/With-20-6-CAGR-Green-Technology-and-Sustainability-Market-Size-worth-USD-51-09-Billion-in-2029.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:17', 'summary': 'Pune, India, April 25, 2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The global green technology and sustainability market size was valued at USD 11.49 billion by 2021.\nRequest a Sample Copy of the Research Report: https://www.fortunebusinessinsights.com/enquiry/request-sample-pdf/green-technology-and-sustainability-market-102221Report ScopeReport Coverage Details Forecast Period 2022-2029 Forecast Period 2022 to 2029 CAGR 20.6% 2029 Value Projection USD 51.09 billion Base Year 2021 Green Technology and Sustainability Market Size in 2021 USD 11.49 billion Historical Data for 2018-2020 No.\nMoreover, increasing industrial and consumer interest is expected to boost the adoption of green technology and sustainability.\nIn addition, the rising government initiatives for achieving zero emissions may drive green technology and sustainability market growth.\nQuick Buy - Green Technology and Sustainability Market: https://www.fortunebusinessinsights.com/checkout-page/102221Report CoverageThe report provides a detailed analysis of the top segments and latest trends in the market.', 'channel': 'globenewswire.com', 'text': "Pune, India, April 25, 2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The global green technology and sustainability market size was valued at USD 11.49 billion by 2021. The market is expected to grow from USD 13.76 billion in 2022 to USD 51.09 billion by 2029, exhibiting a CAGR of 20.6% during the forecast period. Increasing carbon emissions and the rising focus on the decarbonizing economy may foster the market growth. Fortune Business Insights™ presents this information in its report titled “Green Technology and Sustainability Market, 2022-2029”\n\nGreen technology and sustainability are services and solutions deployed across carbon footprint management, water pollution monitoring, air pollution monitoring, crop monitoring, and green buildings. The rising carbon footprint across the globe is expected to enhance the demand for solutions. Furthermore, rising government focus on developing a decarbonized economy may fuel the industry progress in the coming years.\n\nKey Industry Development\n\nApril 2021: General Electric declared that it shall supply renewable energy to approximately 42 Onshore Wind turbines to develop CleanMax Wind Hybrid Projects in India. This renewable energy is anticipated to be of totaling around 110MW.\n\n\n\n\n\nRequest a Sample Copy of the Research Report: https://www.fortunebusinessinsights.com/enquiry/request-sample-pdf/green-technology-and-sustainability-market-102221\n\n\n\n\n\nReport Scope\n\nReport Coverage Details Forecast Period 2022-2029 Forecast Period 2022 to 2029 CAGR 20.6% 2029 Value Projection USD 51.09 billion Base Year 2021 Green Technology and Sustainability Market Size in 2021 USD 11.49 billion Historical Data for 2018-2020 No. of Pages 160 Segments covered By Component; By Industry ; Regional Green Technology and Sustainability Market Growth Drivers Growing Adoption of Green Data Centers to Expand Market Size High Costs Associated with Green Technology and Sustainability Solutions to Limit Market Growth\n\n\n\n\n\nDrivers and Restraints\n\nRising Green Data Center Adoption to Boost Market Development\n\nThe rising adoption of green data centers and cloud services for monitoring pollution is expected to boost adoption. Further, the adoption of data centers for data management and storage may boost investment in green technology. Moreover, increasing industrial and consumer interest is expected to boost the adoption of green technology and sustainability. Also, the rising greenhouse gas emissions are expected to attract investments in developing a sustainable green economy. In addition, the rising government initiatives for achieving zero emissions may drive green technology and sustainability market growth.\n\nHowever, the high costs associated with implementing the services are expected to hinder market progress.\n\nCOVID-19 Impact\n\nIncreased Adoption of Electric Vehicles to Fuel Market Development\n\nThis market is likely to be positively impacted during the COVID-19 pandemic due to the rising adoption of electric vehicles. The resumption of activities is expected to generate remunerative opportunities for the market. Further, the exponential rise in fuel prices and increasing pollution levels led to the adoption of alternative non-pollutant solutions. In addition, increasing worldwide electrification trends are expected to enhance the market growth during the pandemic.\n\n\n\n\n\nTo get to know more about the short-term and long-term impact of COVID-19 on this Green Technology and Sustainability Market\n\nPlease visit: https://www.fortunebusinessinsights.com/green-technology-and-sustainability-market-102221\n\n\n\n\n\nRegional Insights\n\nPresence of a Wide Range of Green Technology Vendors to Boost Growth in North America\n\nNorth America is projected to dominate the green technology and sustainability market share due to the presence of a wide range of green technologies. The market in North America stood at USD 4.19 billion in 2021 and is expected to grow positively in the coming years. Further, major market players plan to expand businesses worldwide, which may enhance the industry growth.\n\nIn Europe, increasing government initiatives to demonstrate low carbon technologies may enhance green technology and sustainability sales. Further, the rising support for grid solutions, carbon capture and storage, and energy storage is expected to boost the market development.\n\nIn Asia Pacific, the rapid transition toward a renewable energy future in India, Japan, Taiwan, China, and South Korea is expected to bolster industry growth. These factors may propel the green technology and sustainability industry progress.\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\nSegments\n\nBy component, the market is bifurcated into services and solutions. As per industry, it is classified into air and water pollution monitoring, carbon footprint management, crop monitoring, fire detection, green building, soil condition/moisture monitoring, sustainable mining and exploration, water management, weather monitoring and forecasting, and others. Regionally, it is clubbed into North America, South America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and the Middle East & Africa.\n\n\n\n\n\nQuick Buy - Green Technology and Sustainability Market: https://www.fortunebusinessinsights.com/checkout-page/102221\n\n\n\n\n\nReport Coverage\n\nThe report provides a detailed analysis of the top segments and latest trends in the market. It comprehensively discusses the driving and restraining factors and the impact of COVID-19 on the market. Additionally, it examines the regional developments and the strategies undertaken by the market's key players.\n\nCompetitive Landscape\n\nPlayers Engage in Partnerships to Reinforce Market Position\n\nThe prominent companies operating in the market engage in partnerships to reinforce their market position. For example, CropX Inc. engaged in a strategic partnership with NASA Harvest Food Security and Agriculture Program in March 2021. This development may enable the company to attract consumers and boost its market position. Further, the adoption of expansions, mergers, acquisitions, product launches, and the incorporation of advanced technologies may enable manufacturers to boost their annual revenues.\n\nCompanies Profiled in the Green Technology and Sustainability Market Report:\n\nGeneral Electric Company (U.S.)\n\nEnablon (Wolters Kluwer) (Europe)\n\nSalesforce.com, Inc. (U.S.)\n\nMicrosoft Corporation (U.S.)\n\nSchneider Electric (France)\n\nEngie Impact (U.S.)\n\nSensus (U.S.)\n\nEnviance (U.S.)\n\nIntelex Technologies Inc. (Canada)\n\nCropX Inc. (California)\n\n\n\n\n\nHave Any Query? Ask Our Experts: https://www.fortunebusinessinsights.com/enquiry/speak-to-analyst/green-technology-and-sustainability-market-102221\n\n\n\n\n\nMajor Points of Table:\n\nGlobal Green Technology and Sustainability Market Size Estimates and Forecasts, By Segments, 2018-2029 Key Findings By Component (USD) Solutions Services By Industry (USD) Air and Water Pollution Monitoring Carbon Footprint Management Crop Monitoring Fire Detection Forest Monitoring Green Building Soil Condition/Moisture Monitoring Sustainable Mining and Exploration Water Management Weather Monitoring and Forecasting Other By Region (USD) North America Europe Middle East & Africa Asia Pacific South America\n\nNorth America Green Technology and Sustainability Market Size Estimates and Forecasts, By Segments, 2018-2029 Key Findings By Component (USD) Solutions Services By Industry (USD) Air and Water Pollution Monitoring Carbon Footprint Management Crop Monitoring Fire Detection Forest Monitoring Green Building Soil Condition/Moisture Monitoring Sustainable Mining and Exploration Water Management Weather Monitoring and Forecasting Other By Country (USD) United States Canada Mexico\n\nEurope Green Technology and Sustainability Market Size Estimates and Forecasts, By Segments, 2018-2029 Key Findings By Component (USD) Solutions Services By Industry (USD) Air and Water Pollution Monitoring Carbon Footprint Management Crop Monitoring Fire Detection Forest Monitoring Green Building Soil Condition/Moisture Monitoring Sustainable Mining and Exploration Water Management Weather Monitoring and Forecasting Other By Country (USD) United Kingdom Germany France Italy Spain Russia Benelux Nordics Rest of Europe\n\nAsia Pacific Green Technology and Sustainability Market Size Estimates and Forecasts, By Segments, 2018-2029 Key Findings By Component (USD) Solutions Services By Industry (USD) Air and Water Pollution Monitoring Carbon Footprint Management Crop Monitoring Fire Detection Forest Monitoring Green Building Soil Condition/Moisture Monitoring Sustainable Mining and Exploration Water Management Weather Monitoring and Forecasting Other By Country (USD) China India Japan South Korea ASEAN Oceania Rest of Asia Pacific\n\n\n\nTOC Continued…!\n\nAbout Us:\n\nFortune Business Insights™ offers expert corporate analysis and accurate data, helping organizations of all sizes make timely decisions. We tailor innovative solutions for our clients, assisting them to address challenges distinct to their businesses. Our goal is to empower our clients with holistic market intelligence, giving a granular overview of the market they are operating in.\n\nContact Us:\n\nFortune Business Insights™ Pvt. Ltd.\n\nUS :+1 424 253 0390\n\nUK : +44 2071 939123\n\nAPAC : +91 744 740 1245", 'image': 'https://ml.globenewswire.com/Resource/Download/05408ba1-26b1-4fdd-8f48-1af4df373348?size=1', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:17'}
{'title': "Teamwork, genetics key to Ecuador's USD 5 billion in shrimp exports in 2021", 'keywords': ['exports', 'camposano', 'hope', 'teamwork', 'ecuadors', 'market', 'sustainability', 'industry'], 'polarity': 0.1245, 'subjectivity': 0.3615, 'link': 'https://www.seafoodsource.com/news/supply-trade/teamwork-genetics-key-to-ecuador-s-usd-5-billion-in-shrimp-exports-in-2021', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:16', 'summary': 'Teamwork, genetics key to Ecuador’s USD 5 billion in shrimp exports in 2021At the 2018 Seafood Expo North America in Boston, Massachusetts, U.S.A., Ecuador’s National Chamber of Aquaculture (CNA) helped to launch the Sustainable Shrimp Partnership, a move CNA Executive President José Antonio Camposano described as a key in the country’s development of its shrimp sector into a USD 5 billion (EUR 4.6 billion) export powerhouse.\n“Avrim convinced [Ecuador’s shrimp players] that through strong, positive leadership and through a commitment to these ideals, they could produce shrimp in a very sustainable way and be competitive in every market,” Camposano said.\nThe European Union took 23 percent of Ecuador’s shrimp exports in 2021, up from 22 percent in 2020.\n“The soul of the shrimp industry in Ecuador is genetics.\nHe said many of the principal chief of this new era in Ecuador’s shrimp industry are planning on retiring and fully passing leadership of their companies onto the next generation.', 'channel': 'seafoodsource.com', 'text': 'Teamwork, genetics key to Ecuador’s USD 5 billion in shrimp exports in 2021\n\nAt the 2018 Seafood Expo North America in Boston, Massachusetts, U.S.A., Ecuador’s National Chamber of Aquaculture (CNA) helped to launch the Sustainable Shrimp Partnership, a move CNA Executive President José Antonio Camposano described as a key in the country’s development of its shrimp sector into a USD 5 billion (EUR 4.6 billion) export powerhouse.\n\nFour years later, at the 2022 Seafood Expo North America, Camposano told SeafoodSource the initiative has succeeded beyond even the lofty expectations those who played important roles in SSP’s founding had for the initiative.\n\n“At that time, the vision was to create a vehicle to communicate the differences between Ecuador and other shrimp-producing countries – making ourselves stand apart in a commoditized market,” Camposano said. “We looked around at the industry globally and had a lot of agreement that our advantage could be a series of principles that we could all share built around good industry practices and sustainability. Our differentiator could be our way of doing things. From there, it very rapidly evolved from what could we do to position Ecuadorian shrimp in the marketplace to a self-directed movement within our industry toward sustainability, competitiveness, constant improvement, and innovation.”\n\nCamposano credited consultant Avrim Lazar, the convenor of the Global Salmon Initiative, as an important figure in creating agreement and movement in Ecuador’s shrimp industry toward building SSP around transparency and sustainability.\n\n“Avrim convinced [Ecuador’s shrimp players] that through strong, positive leadership and through a commitment to these ideals, they could produce shrimp in a very sustainable way and be competitive in every market,” Camposano said. “Now, four years after the launch, I think it’s well-demonstrated that the vision we created then for the role Ecuador could play in the shrimp industry has become a reality.”\n\nEcuador set all-time highs in the value and volume of its shrimp exports in 2021, and set a new record production total of 1.86 billion pounds (843,681 MT) of shrimp, a 24 percent jump compared to the previous record in 2020 of 1.49 billion pounds (675,852 MT). The CNA reported Ecuador increased the share of its shrimp exports to the U.S. from 17 percent in 2020 to 22 percent in 2021, achieving a goal of diversifying away from China, which had accounted for 53 percent of its exports in 2020 but 46 percent in 2021. The European Union took 23 percent of Ecuador’s shrimp exports in 2021, up from 22 percent in 2020.\n\nThe timing of that diversification was clutch, as the Chinese market has tightened due to a heightened food-inspection regime related to its zero-COVID policy, which has resulted in numerous import bans on several big-name Ecuadorian shrimp producers. In mid-2020, as the global seafood market froze due to the global spread of COVID-19, Ecuador swiftly and sharply pared down production, Camposano said. Then, as it became apparent that demand for seafood was surging in the U.S., Ecuador’s shrimp producers were able to expand their production while India, its main competitor in the U.S. market, struggled to keep up, partially due to its own problems with COVID-19. While crediting luck as a factor, Camposano said the flexibility of Ecuador’s shrimp industry helped it weather the COVID-19 crisis and reamins one of its greatest strengths, and he credited it to the unity the industry achieved through its work to organize SSP and its familiarity and comfort with pre-competitive collaboration, he said.\n\n“You can be accustomed to dealing with dynamics of international trade, but nothing can fully prepare you for the pandemic, or for the current war [in Ukraine]. But our industry leaders are always thinking of 10 different solutions as problems arise, and they’re not hesitant to work together,” Camposano said. “It’s almost a cliché, but the extent to which the hard work they put in pays off has amazed me. These are really hardworking people, and for some reason, they’re addicted to growth. They’re always pushing to do more. They have a good attitude, make good decisions, and they take advantage when they get lucky. That is what has created a continual mode of growth and expansion.”\n\nThe shrimp sector has become one of Ecuador’s biggest industries, along with oil and mining. It brings in significant money to the nation and between January 2020 and December 2021, created nearly 15,000 new jobs, primarily doing processing for the U.S. market, according to the CNA. The industry’s importance to the nation and its economy has become a point of pride, Camposano said. Its clout also helps it push for policies that will help it, such as its current push for free-trade agreements with the United States and China.\n\n“We have a ton of pragmatism. We’re not trying to be Switzerland, but we know for sure that politics tend to mess with international relationships and that then affects trade,” Camposano said. “We hope that the position of Ecuador dealing with everybody starts with respect and we hope that our international trade continues to grow, because Ecuador needs it. [Ecuadorian] President [Guillermo] Lasso knows Ecuador needs exports to produce more economic growth and jobs in Ecuador because we cannot rely on our own domestic economy.”\n\nCamposano said Ecuador is currently not sending any product to Russia following its invasion of Ukraine, but that was primarily due to logistical complications, including payment difficulties.\n\n“We hope to resume exports to Russia, where we sent 60 million pounds of shrimp last year,” he said. “The primary reason we hope the war is over soon is humanitarian. Second is trade. We hope to get our trade partners back. Ecuador is facing a little bit of crisis right now because our banana industry sends 25 percent of its crop to Russia, which is worth more than USD 1 billion [EUR 900 million].”\n\nCamposano said the “idea is to have a balance between the markets,” so that a crisis in one country can be absorbed by the industry. That has required Ecuador’s shrimp industry to adapt to the various needs of the markets it supplies, such as larger mid-size shrimp and value-added products the U.S. prefers and the shell-on products favored by the Spanish market.\n\n“The [COVID-19] pandemic opened the door for new customers to try our products for the first time, and that has helped us grow our reputation and recognition as a producer of specialty shrimp products,” Camposano said. “They were also able to see that they were able to get these products while we maintained a commitment to high standards.”\n\nThose standards, set by the SSP initiative, stretch from Aquaculture Stewardship Council certification to blockchain. They also include a ban on the use of antibiotics and the inclusion of sustainability-focused organizations, including the WWF, IDH, and ASC on SSP’s advisory board. SSP Director Pamela Nath told SeafoodSource at SENA that her organization has become “an innovation lab for the industry,” citing its early adoption of blockchain and its shrimp-farming density standards, which are lower than its primary international competitors.\n\n“We’re taking on tasks that seem impossible at the time, but that turn out aren’t just possible but the optimal way forward,” she said. “We are positioning Ecuador as a leader in aquaculture sustainability across the board. We first worked to identify the right tools to drive sustainability in Ecuador’s shrimp sector, and then we moved toward implementation, not just for the largest players but moving small-scale producers to a higher level of sustainability as well. Now we are talking about climate change and actions our industry should take to reduce our carbon footprint, and we are looking at the raw materials coming into shrimp feed and ensuring we’re taking care of ecosystems like mangroves.”\n\nSSP is working with aquafeed companies to increase the use of alternative ingredients in the shrimp feed they provide Ecuador’s industry, Nath said. And it continues to adhere to a specific pathogen resistant (SPR) strategic for its shrimp genetics, she said.\n\n“The soul of the shrimp industry in Ecuador is genetics. Something that Ecuador is trying to prove to the world, and we finally have data to say it, is that SPR can work on a large-scale. It felt like the whole industry was laughing at Ecuador, saying we couldn’t do that and that should avoid having pathogens in our animals, but when the white spot wave came into Latin America, our animals were already resistant. We believe it’s impossible to control every variable in every pond, and that SPR has protected us from many problems. But we’re always looking to see how resistant our shrimp are, while we also study any new pathogens and how are they behaving, to see if we can grow that [resistance] a little bit more.”\n\nThe industry’s willingness to carve out a unique path for itself can be traced back to good guidance from Lazar and other consultants and experts brought in by the industry while it was forming SSP, and by its fearlessness to lead instead of follow, Camposano said.\n\n“What we found was the industry needed someone to say, yes, we can do this, and then be the example that others then follow. We proved that growth could be synonymous with sustainability – that it’s OK to want to grow an industry and take care of the environment at the same time,” he said. “Soon after SSF was established, we started hearing from our partners that they were having conversations in other regions and countries where before, nobody wanted to talk about antibiotics use or improving best practices.”\n\nWith many of Ecuador’s large shrimp companies now ensconced in their third generation of family leadership, Camposano said the industry is about to enter another era of change. He said many of the principal chief of this new era in Ecuador’s shrimp industry are planning on retiring and fully passing leadership of their companies onto the next generation.\n\n“It has been a very good run for the industry. The precompetitive collaboration concept applies perfectly with these guys and they have made a big difference,” he said. “I hope it continues as these companies are transferred from the second to the third generation.”\n\nPhoto courtesy of Cliff White/SeafoodSource', 'image': 'https://divcomplatform.s3.amazonaws.com/www.seafoodsource.com/images/dfed90d1fa166323bdc3ec7635106441.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:16'}

{'title': 'Justice in Brazil sets Bolsonaro deadline to explain pardon', 'keywords': ['pardon', 'ultimatum', 'brazil', 'threatening', 'president', 'decree', 'federal', 'court', 'sustainability', 'supreme'], 'polarity': 0.077, 'subjectivity': 0.2575, 'link': 'https://www.plenglish.com/news/2022/04/26/justice-in-brazil-sets-bolsonaro-deadline-to-explain-pardon/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:20', 'summary': 'On Wednesday, April 20, Silveira, a supporter of the president, was sentenced to eight years and nine months in prison after threatening ministers of the Supreme Federal Court (STF), demanding the closure of that court and Parliament, and promoting a military intervention.\nOn Thursday, the far-right president announced on social media his decision to pardon the sanction against his legislator ally.\nThe decree caused a strong controversy in Brazilian society and opposition parties seek justice to annul the pardon.\nSuch determination, signed by alternate federal judge Carlos Ferreira de Aguiar, is related to a request alleging misuse of purpose in Bolsonaro’s act, according to O Globo newspaper.\npgh/iff/acl/ocs', 'channel': 'plenglish.com', 'text': 'On Wednesday, April 20, Silveira, a supporter of the president, was sentenced to eight years and nine months in prison after threatening ministers of the Supreme Federal Court (STF), demanding the closure of that court and Parliament, and promoting a military intervention.\n\nOn Thursday, the far-right president announced on social media his decision to pardon the sanction against his legislator ally.\n\nThe decree caused a strong controversy in Brazilian society and opposition parties seek justice to annul the pardon.\n\nThe political organization Sustainability Network admitted that the head of State has the constitutional right to grant absolution to a person convicted by the court, but there was a “deviation of purpose.”\n\nUnder this scenario, the Rio de Janeiro justice issued an ultimatum so that the administration can explain the decree that granted individual pardon to Silveira.\n\nSuch determination, signed by alternate federal judge Carlos Ferreira de Aguiar, is related to a request alleging misuse of purpose in Bolsonaro’s act, according to O Globo newspaper.\n\npgh/iff/acl/ocs', 'image': 'https://www.plenglish.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/Brasil-Bolsonaro-1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:20'}
{'title': "Brazil's Bolsonaro defends pardon for controversial ally", 'keywords': ['pardon', 'free', 'presidents', 'congress', 'president', 'innocentthe', 'brazils', 'ordered', 'silveira', 'court', 'supreme'], 'polarity': 0.1226, 'subjectivity': 0.3723, 'link': 'https://www.batimes.com.ar/news/latin-america/brazils-bolsonaro-defends-pardon-for-controversial-ally.phtml', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:24', 'summary': 'Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro on Monday defended his decision to grant a pardon to a controversial ally convicted of attacking democratic institutions, saying "I free people who are innocent."\nThe row is the latest in a long series between Bolsonaro and the Supreme Court, which has ordered several investigations into the president, including for spreading disinformation.\nBolsonaro, who comes up for reelection in October, argues the court is infringing on Silveira\'s right to free speech.\nHardline Bolsonaro backers claim the court and Congress are conspiring to block the president\'s agenda, and have called for both to be dissolved.\nThe high court also ordered Silveira stripped of his seat in Congress and barred him from seeking public office for eight years.', 'channel': 'batimes.com.ar', 'text': 'Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro on Monday defended his decision to grant a pardon to a controversial ally convicted of attacking democratic institutions, saying "I free people who are innocent."\n\nThe far-right president has come in for criticism since pardoning Congressman Daniel Silveira Thursday, a day after the Supreme Court sentenced the 39-year-old lawmaker to eight years and nine months in prison for his role leading a movement calling for the court to be overthrown.\n\n"Presidential pardons are constitutional, and my decree will be fulfilled," Bolsonaro said during a visit to an agribusiness fair in São Paulo.\n\n"In the past, (presidents) freed thieves and nobody said a thing. I free people who are innocent."\n\nThe row is the latest in a long series between Bolsonaro and the Supreme Court, which has ordered several investigations into the president, including for spreading disinformation.\n\nBolsonaro, who comes up for reelection in October, argues the court is infringing on Silveira\'s right to free speech.\n\nSilveira, a former policeman serving his first term in Congress, was arrested in February 2021 for allegedly plotting "acts aimed at harming (the Supreme Court) and the democratic rule of law."\n\nThat came after he posted a video online defending Brazil\'s 1964-1985 military dictatorship — which Bolsonaro regularly praises despite its record of human-rights violations — and said the Supreme Court\'s judges deserved "a thrashing."\n\nHardline Bolsonaro backers claim the court and Congress are conspiring to block the president\'s agenda, and have called for both to be dissolved.\n\nThe high court also ordered Silveira stripped of his seat in Congress and barred him from seeking public office for eight years.\n\nBolsonaro likewise lashed out at the court over an ongoing case examining the constitutionality of his administration\'s push to sharply limit the creation of new indigenous reservations.\n\nEnvironmentalists and indigenous groups say the policy would only exacerbate the destruction of the Amazon rainforest, which has accelerated under Bolsonaro.\n\nThe president said if the justices ruled against him, he "can do one of two things: hand the keys over to the Supreme Court, or refuse to comply... I\'ll have no choice."\n\n— TIMES/AFP\n\n\n\n', 'image': 'https://fotos.perfil.com/2022/04/26/trim/1140/641/bolsonaro-1347030.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:24'}

{'title': "Human rights groups raise hate speech concerns after Musk's Twitter takeover", 'keywords': ['company', 'groups', 'musks', 'raise', 'rights', 'social', 'platform', 'takeover', 'users', 'twitter', 'human', 'public'], 'polarity': 0.045, 'subjectivity': 0.3511, 'link': 'https://www.cbc.ca/news/world/elon-musk-twitter-hate-speech-concerns-1.6430935?cmp=rss', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:41', 'summary': 'Human rights groups warn that freedom of expression should not come at the cost of other human rights, after self-described "free speech absolutist" Elon Musk sealed a deal to buy Twitter.\n—@MarshaBlackburnWhile some American Conservatives cheered the prospect of fewer controls, human rights activists voiced fears of a rise in hate speech.\nDeborah Brown, a digital rights researcher and advocate at Human Rights Watch, said that regardless of who owns Twitter, the company has the responsibility to respect the human rights of people around the world, who rely on the platform.\nMusk\'s Twitter account is seen on a smartphone in front of the Twitter logo.\n"Having a public platform that is maximally trusted and broadly inclusive is extremely important to the future of civilization.', 'channel': 'cbc.ca', 'text': 'Human rights groups warn that freedom of expression should not come at the cost of other human rights, after self-described "free speech absolutist" Elon Musk sealed a deal to buy Twitter.\n\nMusk, the richest man in the world and the chief executive of Tesla and SpaceX, has clinched a $44-billion deal to buy the social media platform and take it private.\n\nIt is a seminal moment for the 16-year-old company, one of the world\'s most influential public squares.\n\nMusk has been critical of Twitter\'s policies of moderating content on the platform, and has said the social media giant should become a genuine forum for free speech.\n\n"Free speech is the bedrock of a functioning democracy, and Twitter is the digital town square where matters vital to the future of humanity are debated," Musk said in a statement.\n\nToday is an encouraging day for freedom of speech. I am hopeful that Elon Musk will help rein in Big Tech’s history of censoring users that have a different viewpoint. —@MarshaBlackburn\n\nWhile some American Conservatives cheered the prospect of fewer controls, human rights activists voiced fears of a rise in hate speech.\n\nDeborah Brown, a digital rights researcher and advocate at Human Rights Watch, said that regardless of who owns Twitter, the company has the responsibility to respect the human rights of people around the world, who rely on the platform.\n\n"Changes to its policies, features and algorithms, big and small, can have disproportionate and sometimes devastating impacts, including offline violence," Brown told Reuters in an email.\n\n"Freedom of expression is not an absolute right, which is why Twitter needs to invest in efforts to keep its most vulnerable users safe on the platform."\n\nMusk\'s Twitter account is seen on a smartphone in front of the Twitter logo. Musk, whose Twitter following tops 84 million, has been an outspoken critic of the company\'s moderation polices. (Dado Ruvic/Reuters)\n\nAmnesty International also weighed in, saying it was concerned about the potential for Twitter to make decisions that could erode enforcement mechanisms designed to moderate hate speech.\n\n"The last thing we need is a Twitter that willfully turns a blind eye to violent and abusive speech against users, particularly those most disproportionately impacted, including women, non-binary persons and others," said Michael Kleinman, director of technology and human rights at Amnesty International USA.\n\nFormer Twitter CEO supportive\n\nMusk wants Twitter\'s algorithm for prioritizing tweets to be public and said he objects to giving too much power on the service to corporations that advertise. He has also advocated user-friendly tweaks to the service, such as an edit button and defeating "spam bots" that send overwhelming amounts of unwanted tweets.\n\nIn principle, I don’t believe anyone should own or run Twitter. It wants to be a public good at a protocol level, not a company. Solving for the problem of it being a company however, Elon is the singular solution I trust. I trust his mission to extend the light of consciousness. —@jack\n\nFormer Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey weighed in on the deal late on Monday with a series of tweets that thanked both Musk and current Twitter CEO Parag Agrawal for "getting the company out of an impossible situation."\n\n"Twitter as a company has always been my sole issue and my biggest regret. It has been owned by Wall Street and the ad model. Taking it back from Wall Street is the correct first step," he said.\n\nMusk says it\'s not about the money\n\nMusk, who is worth $268 billion, according to Forbes, has said he is not primarily concerned with the economics of Twitter.\n\n"Having a public platform that is maximally trusted and broadly inclusive is extremely important to the future of civilization. I don\'t care about the economics at all," he said in a recent public talk.\n\nThe Twitter transaction was approved by the company\'s board and is now subject to a shareholder vote. No regulatory hurdles are expected, analysts said.\n\nAlthough it is only about a 10th of the size of far larger social media platforms like Meta Platforms Inc.\'s Facebook, Twitter has been credited with helping spawn the Arab Spring uprising, and accused of playing a role in the Jan. 6, 2021, storming of the U.S. Capitol.', 'image': 'https://i.cbc.ca/1.6430937.1650971181!/cpImage/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/16x9_620/elon-musk-tesla-starship-rocket.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:41'}
{'title': "Elon Musk's Twitter takeover makes a case for social media regulation", 'keywords': ['company', 'musks', 'trump', 'worry', 'media', 'platform', 'sensitive', 'spam', 'takeover', 'user', 'regulation'], 'polarity': 0.0271, 'subjectivity': 0.3982, 'link': 'https://www.nationalobserver.com/2022/04/26/opinion/elon-musk-twitter-takeover-makes-case-social-media-regulation', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:18', 'summary': 'Now, the question is whether his bet on the social media company will pay off for him — and what it will mean for the rest of us.\nAs the Washington Post’s Megan McArdle pointed out in her column on the subject, the reality of running a $44-billion social media company goes beyond talking about free speech and promising an edit button.\nYes, it begrudgingly removed Donald Trump, along with fellow travellers like Alex Jones, Marjorie Taylor Greene and Milo Yiannopoulos.\nTrans Mountain pipeline insurers dropping like flies Musk’s Twitter takeover isn’t without its potential pitfalls, especially for progressives on the platform who worry about the return of Trump and his hurricane of hatred and misinformation.\nThey’re also right to worry about what a Musk-owned Twitter might do with the direct message histories and other potentially sensitive user content it can access.', 'channel': 'nationalobserver.com', 'text': "Like a lot of people, when Elon Musk first announced his intentions to buy Twitter I thought he was either engaged in high-level trolling or trying to create an excuse to sell the shares he’d acquired. Like a lot of people, I was wrong. Now, the question is whether his bet on the social media company will pay off for him — and what it will mean for the rest of us. There is no shortage of apocalyptic predictions here, with many people suggesting it will empower right-wing politicians and further coarsen an already nasty public political discourse. There are also plenty of well-informed calls for calm and restraint, along with reminders that Twitter’s previous owners (including, most notably, founder Jack Dorsey) weren’t exactly the best stewards. Simon Fraser University lecturer Stewart Prest captured the mood best, tweeting he was “torn between seeing the Musk Twitter news as being an overblown nothingburger and it guaranteeing the reelection of Trump, thereby putting final nail in the coffin of American democracy as we know it.” Get top stories in your inbox. Our award-winning journalists bring you the news that impacts you, Canada, and the world. Don't miss out. As the Washington Post’s Megan McArdle pointed out in her column on the subject, the reality of running a $44-billion social media company goes beyond talking about free speech and promising an edit button. “He can certainly order people to take the heavy hands off the ban-hammer,” she later wrote on Twitter, “but day in and day out, it is still lower-level employees who will be making the ban decisions, because no one wants an actually unmoderated platform full of spam and child porn.” That includes the multibillionaire who now owns it and has pledged his stake in Tesla — his first and true baby — against the money he borrowed to buy Twitter. For his part, Musk seemed to strike a less juvenile tone in his announcement about the deal. “I also want to make Twitter better than ever by enhancing the product with new features, making the algorithms open source to increase trust, defeating the spam bots, and authenticating all humans,” he said.\n\n“Twitter has tremendous potential — I look forward to working with the company and the community of users to unlock it.” In fairness to Musk, it’s not like Twitter is some digital Garden of Eden right now. Yes, it begrudgingly removed Donald Trump, along with fellow travellers like Alex Jones, Marjorie Taylor Greene and Milo Yiannopoulos. But it is still plagued by the influence of foreign-controlled bot farms, which have contributed massively to the spread of misinformation about COVID-19, among other sensitive subjects. There is a chance that a privately owned Twitter won’t feel the same need to artificially inflate its user data with them as the publicly traded one did and could therefore kick them off the platform entirely. Trans Mountain pipeline insurers dropping like flies Musk’s Twitter takeover isn’t without its potential pitfalls, especially for progressives on the platform who worry about the return of Trump and his hurricane of hatred and misinformation. They’re also right to worry about what a Musk-owned Twitter might do with the direct message histories and other potentially sensitive user content it can access. His willingness to use his clout to advance far-right movements like the trucker convoy that occupied Ottawa in January should give just about everyone pause.", 'image': 'https://www.nationalobserver.com/sites/nationalobserver.com/files/img/2022/04/25/46339127625_44854bc82e_k.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:18'}

{'title': "Russia's war on Ukraine shakes academia - University Affairs", 'keywords': ['canadian', 'support', 'scholars', 'russian', 'russia', 'war', 'ukraine', 'canada', 'university', 'ukrainian'], 'polarity': 0.0449, 'subjectivity': 0.2192, 'link': 'https://www.universityaffairs.ca/news/news-article/russias-war-on-ukraine-shakes-academia/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:58', 'summary': 'Universities are reacting to the invasion in a range of ways, and some could affect the study of Russia and Ukraine for both scholars and students.\nThe Kremlin’s war on Ukraine has evoked such strong reaction in Canadian academia that scholars may remove the word “Russian” from at least one program title.\n“A lot of people working on Russia, Russian politics, literature, history, have not looked into Russian imperialism very much and have indeed perpetuated Russian imperialist positions in this field,” she said.\nProjects were also quickly devised to support scholars inside Ukraine, where men aged 18 to 60 are barred by President Volodymyr Zelensky’s government from exiting the country in case they are needed to fight.\n“The Ukrainians’ sense of identity is stronger than ever and the world’s interest in Ukraine and knowledge of Ukraine is greater than ever.', 'channel': 'universityaffairs.ca', 'text': 'Universities are reacting to the invasion in a range of ways, and some could affect the study of Russia and Ukraine for both scholars and students.\n\nThe Kremlin’s war on Ukraine has evoked such strong reaction in Canadian academia that scholars may remove the word “Russian” from at least one program title. That’s just one way the conflict is leaving a potentially permanent mark on the university sector. The fallout includes a surge of support for Ukrainian scholars fleeing the war; a rupture in collaboration between Canadian and Russian researchers; and changes in how Russian and Ukrainian history and literature are taught.\n\nMaria Popova, a political science professor at McGill University, said the war has prompted “a deep debate” about course and research content, structure and titles that imply support for Russian imperialism or portrayal of Ukraine as inferior. “A lot of people working on Russia, Russian politics, literature, history, have not looked into Russian imperialism very much and have indeed perpetuated Russian imperialist positions in this field,” she said. “There has to be a decolonization of the field and that’s one of the things we’ll be dealing with.”\n\nImpact on academic ties\n\nCollaboration with Russian institutions and scholars has been shaken. Russians withdrew by droves from academic networks with Canada and other countries when President Vladimir Putin spoke on March 16 about “cleansing” Russia of “internal enemies” and decreed a sentence of up to 15 years for those who use the word “war” instead of “special military operation.”\n\nMcGill has ended a memorandum of understanding with a medical school in Russia, and Dr. Popova said other Canadian universities are examining their links to institutions there.\n\nThe federal government, meanwhile, has instructed its granting agencies to strictly prohibit research funding that could help President Putin’s regime. “Any collaboration on research projects that could support lethal or non-lethal aggression against Ukrainians will not be supported,” said a spokesman for Innovation, Science and Economic Development Canada.\n\nWhere to draw the line is an ongoing debate.\n\n“There was pressure from some quarters to end co-operation with Russian institutions, and that’s something that I opposed very strongly,” said Randall Hansen, director of the Centre for European, Russian, and Eurasian Studies at the University of Toronto’s Munk School of Global Affairs and Public Policy.\n\nThe invasion has prompted Dr. Hansen’s centre to consider changing its name. He sits on the committee that’s expected to make that decision by this summer. While he would not share his opinion on the matter, he cited two reasons for refusing “a blanket ban” on ties with Russian institutions.\n\n“The first is that it really indulges in collective guilt, that every Russian institution, regardless of the work they do, is guilty of the crimes of the regime – and that’s absurd,” he said. “The second one is you’re hurting precisely the sort of people who would be most critical of Putin and the regime. So, you’re not doing the Ukrainians any favour. You’re in fact doing Putin one.”\n\nOutpouring of support\n\nThe invasion on Feb. 24 also caused an immediate outpouring of solidarity and financial support for Ukrainian scholars stranded in Canada, fleeing the war, or unable or unwilling to leave Ukraine.\n\nThe welcome mat was rolled out at campuses across the country. Université de Montréal plans to support 10 Ukrainian students who fled to Poland. Up to $1 million was announced at Western University’s Ivey Business School for 10 displaced Ukrainian students. The University of Alberta, home to the Canadian Institute for Ukrainian Studies, waived tuition fees for Ukrainian students and pledged $1 million to support them financially.\n\nViviana Fernandez, chair of Scholars at Risk Canada (SAR Canada), said by early April the New York-based global NGO had received 200 applications from Ukrainians and 200 from Russians for scholarship support. She could not predict how many would wind up in Canada but said the organization is “very encouraged” by an increase in universities – 29 in total now – that have joined SAR Canada to support scholars facing violence or persecution.\n\n“The main impetus came with the crisis in Afghanistan,” she said, noting that an expected surge of scholars last summer galvanized university administrations and fundraisers. It’s easier for Ukrainians, she said, as Canadian visa restrictions are looser and processing delays are fewer.\n\nProjects were also quickly devised to support scholars inside Ukraine, where men aged 18 to 60 are barred by President Volodymyr Zelensky’s government from exiting the country in case they are needed to fight. McGill has been arranging support for a law school in Ukraine, for example. “We don’t want to use this war as a brain drain operation,” Dr. Popova said. “A lot of these scholars want to remain in Ukraine and want to keep working in Ukraine.”\n\nUniversities Canada (which publishes University Affairs) compiled a list of resources and initiatives on nearly 60 campuses “to support all faculty, staff and students affected by these disturbing events.” Dozens of them included offers of trauma counselling.\n\nAt Dalhousie’s school of Russian studies, the summer semester of a study abroad program in St. Petersburg has been shifted to Tallinn in neighbouring Estonia. The program co-ordinator, Russian and European studies professor Yuri Leving, even collected anti-war poetry by Russians, which he found on Facebook. But he decided against using his usual publisher in Russia to avoid jeopardizing the safety of its staff, and is having trouble finding an alternative Russian-language publisher outside Russia. Dr. Leving said the study of Russia should be part of the Canadian government’s military armour. “You need to know your enemy,” he said. “That’s how the Cold War was won.”\n\nA group of professors at the U of T, McGill, and the U of A issued a detailed statement in mid-March that blamed Russia alone for the invasion and dismissed NATO expansion and Ukraine’s European Union application as reasons for the conflict. The statement – which was signed by 100 Canadian scholars who study Central and Eastern Europe and Eurasia – was spearheaded by Matthew Light, an associate professor of criminology and European studies at the U of T. He welcomed the “positive development” of discussion over studies and titles. “Maybe we need to be more careful about presenting our research in a more egalitarian way,” he said.\n\nDr. Hansen is certain that academic interest in Ukraine has increased, though it was unfortunate to come “on the back of so much suffering.” President Putin had aimed to obliterate Ukraine and crush Ukrainian identity, he said. The opposite has occurred.\n\n“The Ukrainians’ sense of identity is stronger than ever and the world’s interest in Ukraine and knowledge of Ukraine is greater than ever. And I predict it will grow.”', 'image': 'https://www.universityaffairs.ca/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/UA-2022-Online_04_April_News_Russia-Ukraine-Scholars_644X374.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:58'}
{'title': 'Air Canada, Airlink, Flexport.org and GlobalMedic Send Aid and Medical Supplies to Support Ukrainian Refugees on Second Special Humanitarian Flight', 'keywords': ['supplies', 'medical', 'send', 'second', 'humanitarian', 'flight', 'refugees', 'aid', 'food', 'globalmedic', 'ukraine', 'canada', 'support', 'special', 'ukrainian'], 'polarity': 0.1435, 'subjectivity': 0.3271, 'link': 'https://finance.yahoo.com/news/air-canada-airlink-flexport-org-133900485.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:21', 'summary': '"Airlink is delighted to be working in partnership with Air Canada, GlobalMedic, and Flexport.org again to bring aid to the people of Ukraine."\nAlso in 2021, Air Canada was named Global Traveler\'s Best Airline in North America for the third straight year.\nIn January 2021, Air Canada received APEX\'s Diamond Status Certification for the Air Canada CleanCare+ biosafety program for managing COVID-19, the only airline in Canada to attain the highest APEX ranking.\nFor more information, please visit: aircanada.com/media, follow Air Canada on Twitter and LinkedIn, and join Air Canada on Facebook.\nInternet: aircanada.com/mediaSign up for Air Canada news: aircanada.comMedia Resources:PhotosVideosB-RollArticlesSOURCE Air CanadaCisionView original content to download multimedia: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/April2022/26/c0392.html', 'channel': 'finance.yahoo.com', 'text': 'Air Canada employee volunteers packed emergency food kits and other response supplies destined for Ukraine\n\nMONTREAL, April 26, 2022 /CNW Telbec/ - Air Canada\'s Boeing 767-300 freighter aircraft departed last night from Toronto to Frankfurt, transporting humanitarian and medical aid on behalf of Airlink, Flexport.org and GlobalMedic. The flight carried aid including medical and trauma supplies, water purification and sanitation kits destined for an area north of Lviv, Ukraine.\n\nAir Canada employee volunteers packed emergency food kits and other response supplies destined for Ukraine. (CNW Group/Air Canada)\n\nAfter the flight arrives, Airlink\'s NGO partner GlobalMedic will have response teams manage the distribution of supplies to treat Ukrainian civilians who have been displaced by the conflict, whose homes have been destroyed, and those injured, expanding the capacity of hospitals in border regions to provide care.\n\n"Together with our employees, we are humbled to continue our support for the people affected by the Ukraine crisis. One hundred Air Canada employees volunteered their time yesterday to pack emergency family food kits being sent by GlobalMedic, and we are proud to use our freighter to transport 50 tonnes of aid which includes these important response tools together with critical medical and humanitarian supplies for Airlink and Flexport.org quickly to Europe. Airlink\'s and GlobalMedic\'s infrastructure and teams on the ground meeting our flight then ensure that the shipments get to their destinations right after our flight arrives," said Jason Berry, Vice President, Cargo at Air Canada.\n\n"The humanitarian situation continues to deteriorate in Ukraine. Co-operation and coordination are critical to overcoming the supply chain challenges that have arisen responding to this crisis, and for the second time since the war began this partnership has proved itself a very effective one," said Steve Smith Airlink President and CEO. "Airlink is delighted to be working in partnership with Air Canada, GlobalMedic, and Flexport.org again to bring aid to the people of Ukraine."\n\nStory continues\n\n"One of the biggest challenges in humanitarian relief efforts is the successful coordination of aid. Yet once again – our partnership with Air Canada and Airlink, and most recently GlobalMedic – demonstrates the value of logistics providers and humanitarian aid organizations coming together for a collective impact. Through this partnership, we\'re able to deliver 100,000 pounds of critical aid, including water purification systems, emergency food supplies, and trauma kits, to those displaced by the crisis unfolding in Ukraine," said Susy Schöneberg, Head of Flexport.org.\n\n"GlobalMedic is grateful to Airlink for coordinating this flight and to Air Canada for flying the mission. This flight will carry about 100,000 pounds of life saving humanitarian assistance that will be distributed to displaced families fleeing the fighting in Ukraine. The cargo will contain 6,400 Family Emergency Kits. Each kit comes with emergency food items, a solar light, water purification tablets, and a trauma bag. The items are packed in sealed buckets that are used to collect water to purify and drink," said Rahul Singh, Executive Director of GlobalMedic.\n\nNon-profit disaster logistics expert Airlink exists to help remove the cost of air transportation as a barrier to NGOs responding to disasters and other humanitarian crises. It was able to use its long-term partnership with Air Canada, the visibility and seamless coordination provided by the Flexport platform, and support from donors, to secure the cargo-only flight making the delivery of this shipment possible. Since the start of the war in Ukraine, Airlink has transported more than 135 tonnes of aid and 221 relief workers for 20 non-profit organizations providing medical care, food, mental health counseling, clean water, and other essentials to Ukrainian refugees.\n\nThe second humanitarian cargo flight is Air Canada\'s most recent initiative supporting the crisis in Ukraine. Previous initiatives include:\n\nDonation of 100 million Aeroplan Points to facilitate the travel of Ukrainians to Canada onboard Air Canada and Star Alliance partner airlines\n\nDonation of $10 per booking made on Air Canada\'s website starting March 22 for a total donation of $250,000 to Ukraine relief aid\n\nAir Canada employees and the Air Canada Foundation donation of $170,000 to supporting Ukraine relief aid\n\nOn March 9, Air Canada-operated humanitarian special cargo flight on behalf of Airlink and other aid partners transport hospital beds, humanitarian and medical supplies to Warsaw, Poland and medicines destined for Lviv, Ukraine\n\nTransportation of rapid response teams to scale up operations in Europe to help arriving Ukrainian families\n\nAbout Air Canada\n\nAir Canada is Canada\'s largest domestic and international airline, the country\'s flag carrier and a founding member of Star Alliance, the world\'s most comprehensive air transportation network. Air Canada is the only international network carrier in North America to receive a Four-Star ranking from the independent U.K. research firm Skytrax, which in 2021 also named Air Canada as having the Best Airline Staff in North America, Best Airline Staff in Canada, Best Business Class Lounge in North America, as well as an Excellence award for its handling of COVID-19. Also in 2021, Air Canada was named Global Traveler\'s Best Airline in North America for the third straight year. In January 2021, Air Canada received APEX\'s Diamond Status Certification for the Air Canada CleanCare+ biosafety program for managing COVID-19, the only airline in Canada to attain the highest APEX ranking. Air Canada has also committed to a net zero emissions goal from all global operations by 2050. For more information, please visit: aircanada.com/media, follow Air Canada on Twitter and LinkedIn, and join Air Canada on Facebook.\n\nAbout Airlink\n\nAirlink is a global humanitarian organization delivering critical aid to communities in crisis by providing airlift and logistical solutions to nonprofit partners, changing the way the humanitarian community responds to disasters around the world. Airlink exists to help remove the cost of air transportation as a barrier to NGOs responding to disasters and other humanitarian crises. Its network includes more than 130 aid organizations and 50 commercial and charter airlines. Since its inception in 2010, Airlink has flown more than 8,000 relief workers and transported nearly 5,000,000 pounds of humanitarian cargo. In 2021 the humanitarian aid Airlink delivered assisted 7.8 million people. For more information, please visit www.airlinkflight.org. Follow Airlink on Facebook and Twitter.\n\nAbout GlobalMedic\n\nGlobalMedic is a registered Canadian charity that runs capacity-building programs and provides disaster relief services to large-scale catastrophes around the world. GlobalMedic has responded to 240 disasters in 80 countries, including earthquakes in Ecuador, Haiti, Japan and Nepal; tsunamis in Japan and Sri Lanka; typhoons in the Philippines and Taiwan; hurricanes in Grenada and Guatemala; cyclones in India, Myanmar, Vanuatu and Mozambique; floods in Bangladesh, Mexico and Pakistan; drought and famine in Kenya and Mauritania; epidemics in Liberia and Sierra Leone; and complex emergencies in Gaza, Iraq, Mali, Somalia, Syria, Ukraine and Yemen. GlobalMedic has been working in Ukraine since 2014, supporting those affected or displaced by increasing conflict in the east of the country. GlobalMedic teams distributed hygiene items, food packages, first aid kits, and household water purification units to vulnerable families. In 2019, GlobalMedic also established a food security and employment creation program to support internally displaced persons in the country.\n\nInternet: aircanada.com/media\n\nSign up for Air Canada news: aircanada.com\n\nMedia Resources:\n\nPhotos\n\nVideos\n\nB-Roll\n\nArticles\n\nSOURCE Air Canada\n\nCision\n\nView original content to download multimedia: http://www.newswire.ca/en/releases/archive/April2022/26/c0392.html', 'image': 'https://s.yimg.com/uu/api/res/1.2/QVPq8HjoZcPo9H98Zu029A--~B/aD0yNjc7dz00MDA7YXBwaWQ9eXRhY2h5b24-/https://media.zenfs.com/en/cnwgroup.com/93263eba0b22f66f860ba01f932122e5', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:21'}

{'title': "Mondelēz International Agrees to Acquire Ricolino, Mexico's Leading Confectionery Company, from Grupo Bimbo", 'keywords': ['company', 'internationals', 'international', 'mexico', 'confectionery', 'growth', 'business', 'ricolino', 'transaction', 'mexicos', 'mondelēz', 'snacking', 'grupo', 'agrees', 'bimbo', 'leading'], 'polarity': 0.1654, 'subjectivity': 0.34, 'link': 'https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/04/25/2428062/35903/en/Mondel%C4%93z-International-Agrees-to-Acquire-Ricolino-Mexico-s-Leading-Confectionery-Company-from-Grupo-Bimbo.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:03', 'summary': 'The acquisition will transform Mondelēz International’s business in the high-priority Mexico market to accelerate growth and scale in core snacking categories.\nI’m confident that Mondelēz International will leverage these amazing brands to a much higher position,” said Daniel Servitje, Chairman and CEO of Grupo Bimbo.\nIn January 2022, Mondelēz International closed on its acquisition of Chipita S.A., the leader in the Central and Eastern European snack-size cakes and pastries category.\nMondelēz International is a proud member of the Standard and Poor’s 500, Nasdaq 100 and Dow Jones Sustainability Index.\nThese forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond Mondelēz International’s control, which could cause Mondelēz International’s actual results to differ materially from those indicated in these forward-looking statements.', 'channel': 'globenewswire.com', 'text': 'Accelerates MDLZ growth in core snacking categories in high-priority Mexico market\n\nAcquiring iconic chocolate and candy brands including Ricolino, Vero, La Corona and Coronado – strong strategic complements to MDLZ portfolio\n\nExpands route-to-market capabilities with more than 2,100 DSD routes, reaching 440,00 traditional trade outlets\n\n\n\nCHICAGO, April 25, 2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Mondelēz International (Nasdaq: MDLZ) today announced it has entered into an agreement with Grupo Bimbo to acquire its confectionery business, Ricolino, for approximately $1.3 billion USD. Ricolino is a growing business with a leading confectionery position in Mexico. The acquisition will transform Mondelēz International’s business in the high-priority Mexico market to accelerate growth and scale in core snacking categories.\n\n\n\nWith approximately $500 million USD in annual revenue, Ricolino employs close to 6,000 associates, has four manufacturing facilities and distributes its products to several channels, including traditional trade, supermarkets, convenience stores and others. Its iconic brands Ricolino®, Vero®, La Corona® and Coronado® are leaders in lollipops, marshmallows, chocolates, gummies and other confectionery products.\n\n\n\nThe acquisition will double the size of Mondelēz Mexico’s business and provide an attractive entry point into the chocolate category, while expanding the company’s presence in snacking. It also provides significant opportunities for synergies and accelerated growth. For Grupo Bimbo, the leading baking company in the world, this transaction will enable focus on its grain-based baking and snacks businesses.\n\n\n\n“This acquisition will provide a step change for our business in Mexico, an important growth market for us, more than tripling our routes to market and growing our position in core snacking categories,” said Dirk Van de Put, Chairman and CEO of Mondelēz International. “We are thrilled to welcome Ricolino’s talented people and amazing brands into the Mondelēz International family.”\n\n\n\nMany of Ricolino’s chocolate and candy brands have more than 50 years’ history in Mexico. Today, the company’s more than 2,100 direct store delivery routes reach 440,000 traditional trade outlets, providing significant scale and broad brand availability.\n\n\n\n“We ventured into the confectionery industry with the establishment of Ricolino in 1970; today, after 52 years of growth and progress, it is the industry leader in Mexico. We truly recognize the Ricolino family for this amazing accomplishment and are deeply thankful for their commitment and hard work. I’m confident that Mondelēz International will leverage these amazing brands to a much higher position,” said Daniel Servitje, Chairman and CEO of Grupo Bimbo.\n\n\n\n“I want to take the opportunity to thank all of our associates for their dedication and commitment. They have given their best and I feel very proud of them,” said Fernando Lerdo de Tejada S., President of Ricolino.\n\n\n\nThe acquisition of Ricolino will build on Mondelēz International’s continued prioritization of fast-growing snacking segments in key geographies. In January 2022, Mondelēz International closed on its acquisition of Chipita S.A., the leader in the Central and Eastern European snack-size cakes and pastries category. This followed a year of growth in 2021 supported by the acquisition of Grenade, a leading UK performance nutrition company; Gourmet Food Holdings, a leading Australian food company in the attractive premium biscuit and cracker category; and Hu, a well-being snacking company in the United States.\n\n\n\nThe transaction, which is subject to customary closing conditions, will be funded through an issuance of debt and cash on hand and is expected to close in late Q3 or early Q4 2022.\n\n\n\nAbout Mondelēz International\n\nMondelēz International, Inc. (Nasdaq: MDLZ) empowers people to snack right in over 150 countries around the world. With 2021 net revenues of approximately $29 billion, Mondelēz International is leading the future of snacking with iconic global and local brands such as Oreo, belVita and LU biscuits; Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka and Toblerone chocolate; Sour Patch Kids candy and Trident gum. Mondelēz International is a proud member of the Standard and Poor’s 500, Nasdaq 100 and Dow Jones Sustainability Index.\n\n\n\nAbout Grupo Bimbo:\n\nGrupo Bimbo is the leader and largest baking Company in the world and a relevant participant in snacks. Grupo Bimbo has 206 bakeries and plants and more than 1,600 sales centers strategically located in 33 countries throughout the Americas, Europe, Asia and Africa. Its main product lines include sliced bread, buns & rolls, pastries, cakes, cookies, toast, English muffins, bagels, tortillas & flatbreads, salty snacks and confectionery products, among others. Grupo Bimbo produces over 10,000 products and has one of the largest direct distribution networks in the world, with more than 3.1 million points of sale, more than 56,000 routes and over 139,000 associates. Its shares trade on the Mexican Stock Exchange (BMV) under the ticker symbol BIMBO, and in the over-the-counter market in the United States with a Level 1 ADR, under the ticker symbol BMBOY.\n\n\n\nForward-Looking Statements:\n\nThis press release contains forward-looking statements. Words, and variations of words, such as “will,” “may,” “expect” and similar expressions are intended to identify these forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to, statements about Mondelēz International’s strategy and plans for growth; the transaction, the expected results of the transaction and the impact of the transaction on Mondelēz International’s business; and the funding and closing of the transaction. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond Mondelēz International’s control, which could cause Mondelēz International’s actual results to differ materially from those indicated in these forward-looking statements. Please also see Mondelēz International’s risk factors, as they may be amended from time to time, set forth in its filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including its most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K. Mondelēz International disclaims and does not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement in this press release, except as required by applicable law or regulation.\n\nContact: Tracey Noe (Media) Shep Dunlap (Investors) +1 847 943 5678 +1 847 943 5454 news@mdlz.com ir@mdlz.com\n\n\n\n\n\n\n\n', 'image': 'https://ml.globenewswire.com/Resource/Download/23492ec7-4325-4470-8698-4d0aa6c6fbd2?size=1', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:03'}
{'title': 'Mondelez to buy Bimbo confectionery business', 'keywords': ['mexico', 'company', 'international', 'grupo', 'business', 'ricolino', 'snacking', 'ricolinos', 'brands'], 'polarity': 0.1021, 'subjectivity': 0.3985, 'link': 'https://www.foodbusinessnews.net/articles/21202-mondelez-to-buy-bimbo-confectionery-business', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:31', 'summary': 'CHICAGO — Mondelez International announced it has reached an agreement to acquire the Ricolino confectionery business from Grupo Bimbo SAB de CV for approximately $1.3 billion.\nMondelez said the acquisition will double the size of its business in Mexico and provide an attractive entry point into the chocolate category, while expanding the company’s presence in snacking.\n“We are thrilled to welcome Ricolino’s talented people and amazing brands into the Mondelez International family.”Many of Ricolino’s chocolate and candy brands have more than 50 years’ history in Mexico.\nFor Mexico City-based Grupo Bimbo, the sale of the confectionery business will allow the company to focus on growing its baked foods and snacks businesses.\nIn 2021, Mondelez acquired Grenade, a UK performance nutrition company; Gourmet Food Holdings, an Australian food company in the premium biscuit and cracker category; and Hu, a well-being snacking company in the United States.', 'channel': 'foodbusinessnews.net', 'text': 'CHICAGO — Mondelez International announced it has reached an agreement to acquire the Ricolino confectionery business from Grupo Bimbo SAB de CV for approximately $1.3 billion. Headquartered in Mexico City, Ricolino’s products include candy bars, truffles, panned chocolates, caramel, lollipops, marshmallows, hard and chewy candies, nougats and gum sold under such brands as Ricolino, Vero, La Corona and Coronado. Ricolino operates four manufacturing facilities and has nearly 6,000 employees with approximately $500 million in annual sales.\n\nMondelez said the acquisition will double the size of its business in Mexico and provide an attractive entry point into the chocolate category, while expanding the company’s presence in snacking.\n\n“This acquisition will provide a step change for our business in Mexico, an important growth market for us, more than tripling our routes to market and growing our position in core snacking categories,” said Dirk Van de Put, chairman and chief executive officer of Mondelez. “We are thrilled to welcome Ricolino’s talented people and amazing brands into the Mondelez International family.”\n\nMany of Ricolino’s chocolate and candy brands have more than 50 years’ history in Mexico. The company has more than 2,100 direct-store delivery routes that reach 440,000 traditional trade outlets, providing significant scale and broad brand availability, Mondelez said.\n\nFor Mexico City-based Grupo Bimbo, the sale of the confectionery business will allow the company to focus on growing its baked foods and snacks businesses.\n\n“We ventured into the confectionery industry with the establishment of Ricolino in 1970; today, after 52 years of growth and progress, it is the industry leader in Mexico,” said Daniel Servitje, chairman and CEO of Grupo Bimbo. “We truly recognize the Ricolino family for this amazing accomplishment and are deeply thankful for their commitment and hard work. I’m confident that Mondelez International will leverage these amazing brands to a much higher position.”\n\nThe acquisition of Ricolino continues Mondelez’s strategy of acquiring fast-growing snacking segments in key geographies. Earlier this year Mondelez acquired Chipita SA, a leader in the Central and Eastern European snack-size cakes and pastries category. In 2021, Mondelez acquired Grenade, a UK performance nutrition company; Gourmet Food Holdings, an Australian food company in the premium biscuit and cracker category; and Hu, a well-being snacking company in the United States.\n\nThe transaction is expected to close late in the third quarter or early fourth quarter of 2022.', 'image': 'https://www.foodbusinessnews.net/ext/resources/2022/04/25/Ricolina_LEAD.jpg?height=635&t=1650895345&width=1200', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:31'}

{'title': 'Vemo orders 1,000 e-cars from BYD in Mexico', 'keywords': ['company', 'd1', 'mobility', 'fleet', 'electric', 'ecars', 'vehicles', 'byd'], 'polarity': 0.0707, 'subjectivity': 0.24, 'link': 'https://www.electrive.com/2022/04/26/vemo-orders-1000-e-cars-from-byd-in-mexico/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:19', 'summary': 'BYD has received a large order for 1,000 electric cars from Mexico.\nLocal mobility provider VEMO has ordered 1,000 units of the D1 electric car that was developed by BYD and Didi Chuxing for ridesharing services.\nThe manufacturer claims the 1,000 D1s are the largest electric taxi fleet outside China.\nAs usual for BYD, the D1 uses LFP batteries without cobalt, nickel and manganese.\nEarlier this year, Vemo made a strategic partnership with Uber to increase the number of electric vehicles available on the ride-hailing app in Mexico city.', 'channel': 'electrive.com', 'text': 'BYD has received a large order for 1,000 electric cars from Mexico. Local mobility provider VEMO has ordered 1,000 units of the D1 electric car that was developed by BYD and Didi Chuxing for ridesharing services.\n\nAccording to the Chinese manufacturer, 200 of these have already been put into operation. The manufacturer claims the 1,000 D1s are the largest electric taxi fleet outside China.\n\nAs usual for BYD, the D1 uses LFP batteries without cobalt, nickel and manganese. This is the company’s Blade Battery, which uses particularly large and elongated cells. These cells are built directly into the battery pack, in a cell-to-pack system. In the D1, this results in an NEDC range of up to 418 kilometres.\n\nThe design of the D1 is startlingly similar the VW ID.3. However, the D1 has a sliding door on the passenger side at the rear to make it easier for passengers to get in and out.\n\nAlejandro Rosette, Co-director of Mobility Platforms of VEMO, said, “Having BYD’s D1 models as part of the VEMO’s electric fleet will allow us to increase our operational capabilities with mobility platforms and the availability of our recharging infrastructure.\n\nVemo is, according to its website, a Mexican company “with an integrated and innovative model, committed to accelerating clean mobility in Mexico and Latin America.” The company was founded late last year by Affiliates of Riverstone Holdings LLC (“Riverstone”), a private equity firm “investing in opportunities in long-term decarbonization secular trends in energy transition, power, and infrastructure,” according to the Vemo website.\n\nEarlier this year, Vemo made a strategic partnership with Uber to increase the number of electric vehicles available on the ride-hailing app in Mexico city. The company says the first phase is a pilot test, whereby 250 electric vehicles are to be incorporated to the platform throughout the first quarter of 2022.\n\nVemo offers Fleet-as-a-Service, Charging-as-a-Service, Driver-as-an-Employee, and Lease-to-Own. For its fleet services, which will no doubt be the destiny of the ordered electric cars, Vemo says it “invests in the assets and delivers the project ready to operate in exchange for a monthly fee, switching Capex to Opex, allowing clients to focus on their core business.”\n\nSource: via Email, vemovilidad.com', 'image': 'https://www.electrive.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/byd-didi-d1-vemo-mexiko-mexico-2022-01-min.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:19'}
{'title': "Brazil's JBS unveils electric truck rental unit for refrigerated cargo", 'keywords': ['jbs', 'company', 'urban', 'volpe', 'unit', 'fleet', 'brazils', 'trucks', 'logistics', 'electric', 'vehicles'], 'polarity': 0.0886, 'subjectivity': 0.2735, 'link': 'https://www.reuters.com/business/brazils-jbs-unveils-electric-truck-rental-unit-refrigerated-cargo-2022-04-26/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:27', 'summary': "The logo of Brazilian meatpacker JBS SA is seen in the city of Jundiai, Brazil June 1, 2017.\nNo Carbon, the new company, is already operating, with a fleet of 31 electric urban cargo vehicles.\nThe electric fleet is operating in some parts of the Brazilian states of Sao Paulo, Parana, Santa Catarina, and the country's federal capital region, where recharge points are also available at JBS distribution centers.\nThe company calculates that each electric urban cargo vehicle will prevent 30 tonnes of equivalent carbon dioxide gas from entering the atmosphere per year.\nThey also will save money because of their lower maintenance costs compared to conventional trucks, Volpe said.", 'channel': 'reuters.com', 'text': "The logo of Brazilian meatpacker JBS SA is seen in the city of Jundiai, Brazil June 1, 2017. REUTERS/Paulo Whitaker\n\nSAO PAULO, April 26 (Reuters) - JBS SA (JBSS3.SA) announced on Tuesday the creation of a business unit for renting electric trucks to distribute refrigerated cargo to retailers, helping the Brazilian meatpacker advance on its carbon emissions reduction plan and reducing logistics costs in the medium- and long-term.\n\nNo Carbon, the new company, is already operating, with a fleet of 31 electric urban cargo vehicles. Initially, they are being rented to transport companies that provide services to JBS, but the company hopes to expand operations in the future to other firms interested in emissions-free transportation.\n\nThe vehicles, produced by China's JAC Motors, already are being used to distribute Friboi, Seara, and Swift products. They will replace part of the diesel-powered trucks currently used by the group's logistics service providers.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\nThe urban cargo vehicles are capable of carrying up to 4 tonnes of cargo and can travel up to 150 km (93 miles) per day, which makes them ideal for urban centers, Armando Volpe, No Carbon's executive director, told Reuters.\n\nThe electric fleet is operating in some parts of the Brazilian states of Sao Paulo, Parana, Santa Catarina, and the country's federal capital region, where recharge points are also available at JBS distribution centers.\n\nIn the future, Volpe says the company may expand the fleet and even open the leasing of vehicles to other market players with high demand for logistics services, such as retail and e-commerce chains.\n\nThe company calculates that each electric urban cargo vehicle will prevent 30 tonnes of equivalent carbon dioxide gas from entering the atmosphere per year.\n\nThey also will save money because of their lower maintenance costs compared to conventional trucks, Volpe said.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\nReporting by Letícia Fucuchima; Editing by Leslie Adler and Paul Simao\n\nOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.", 'image': 'https://www.reuters.com/resizer/lg7RR1fJ14tqRdrrokjz1stn0Mk=/1200x628/smart/filters:quality(80)/cloudfront-us-east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/NVKRQ4A245NATN7OCADYUBOFOE.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:27'}

{'title': 'Mazatlán Motorcycle Week turns bloody with accident, assassination', 'keywords': ['ponce', 'mazatlán', 'el', 'bloody', 'cartel', 'armed', 'sinaloa', 'accident', 'los', 'financial', 'assassination'], 'polarity': -0.0419, 'subjectivity': 0.1853, 'link': 'https://mexiconewsdaily.com/news/mazatlan-motorcycle-week-turns-bloody/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:22', 'summary': 'Motorcycle Week in Mazatlán, Sinaloa turned deadly on Friday, when an alleged Sinaloa Cartel financial operator was run over and, in a separate incident, armed men shot a rider visiting from Tijuana.\nThe victim, Francisco “N” of Tijuana, age 45, was in town along with family members to participate in Motorcycle Week.\nFrancisco was seated on his motorcycle outside a restaurant at the time of the attack, early Friday evening.\nAccording to Civil Protection, at least 18,000 people attended Mazatlán Motorcycle Week this year.\nWith reports from El Sol de Mazatlán, El Debate and Infobae', 'channel': 'mexiconewsdaily.com', 'text': 'Motorcycle Week in Mazatlán, Sinaloa turned deadly on Friday, when an alleged Sinaloa Cartel financial operator was run over and, in a separate incident, armed men shot a rider visiting from Tijuana.\n\nThe first incident occurred Friday afternoon. Martín Humberto Ponce Félix, 57, an alleged financial operator associated with Juan José “El Azul” Esparragoza Moreno, a former leader of the Sinaloa Cartel, was visiting Mazatlán from his home in the state capital of Culiacán for the port city’s Motorcycle Week, an annual event that draws thousands of domestic and international visitors.\n\nHis plans were cut short: as he rode his motorcycle through the high-rise hotels of Mazatlán’s “Golden Zone,” a gray Jeep took an illegal U-turn, sending Ponce flying. Paramedics determined at the scene that Ponce had suffered severe head injuries and he was transported to the hospital, where he was pronounced dead.\n\nLocal reports do not mention what happened to the Jeep or its driver.\n\nPonce had been blacklisted by the United States Office of Foreign Asset Control (OFAC) since 2012 for his connections to a number of gas stations accused of laundering money for Sinaloa Cartel leader “El Azul.” “El Azul” was widely reported to have died in 2014 at the age of 65, but authorities were unable to verify his death.\n\nLater the same day, armed gunmen killed another man along Mazatlán’s beachfront, near the Fisherman’s Monument. The victim, Francisco “N” of Tijuana, age 45, was in town along with family members to participate in Motorcycle Week.\n\nFrancisco was seated on his motorcycle outside a restaurant at the time of the attack, early Friday evening. Witnesses said that at least two armed men on motorcycles shot him at close range. Before police arrived, the attackers escaped into the crowd, where hundreds of motorcycles and pedestrians had gathered.\n\nAccording to Civil Protection, at least 18,000 people attended Mazatlán Motorcycle Week this year.\n\nOn the same day farther south, the Jalisco New Generation Cartel (CJNG) lost a financial operative of its own. Saúl “N,” alias “El Chopa,” was killed in Puerto Vallarta, Jalisco, after a firefight with the federal forces.\n\nThe National Guard was carrying out “preventative intelligence” operations in the upscale neighborhood of Marina Vallarta when they were attacked, the Department of Defense (Sedena) said in a statement. The National Guard returned fire, injuring El Chopa. He and his bodyguard were arrested and El Chopa was taken to a hospital but succumbed to his injuries and died shortly after.\n\nHe was allegedly the top financial manager for the CJNG. His responsibilities included supplying arms and tactical equipment to CJNG cells, and he was linked to the murder of Jalisco ex-governor Aristóteles Sandoval, Sedena said.\n\nBack north in Sonora, another Sinaloa Cartel-related incident occurred in the town of Pitiquito on Thursday, when a group known as Los Cazadores (“the Hunters”) tore down several houses belonging to their rivals. Los Cazadores are an armed cell controled by Los Chapitos, the four sons of notorious drug trafficker Joaquín “El Chapo” Guzmán and part of the current Sinaloa Cartel leadership.\n\nWith reports from El Sol de Mazatlán, El Debate and Infobae', 'image': 'https://mexiconewsdaily.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/Less-graphic-Twitter.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:22'}
{'title': "El Chapo's kids blamed for destroying rivals' homes in Sonora", 'keywords': ['state', 'members', 'caborca', 'guzmán', 'el', 'chapos', 'kids', 'cartel', 'destroying', 'sinaloa', 'ovidio', 'los', 'blamed'], 'polarity': -0.0643, 'subjectivity': 0.249, 'link': 'https://mexiconewsdaily.com/news/chapitos-destroy-rivals-homes-sonora/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:03', 'summary': 'The protégé children of jailed former Sinaloa Cartel leader Joaquín “El Chapo” Guzmán have been blamed for destroying two homes of rival cartel leaders in Sonora on Thursday.\nThe brothers, known as Los Chapitos, are accused of sending members of Los Cazadores (“The Hunters”) cartel with a backhoe to wreck the homes in Pitiquito, Sonora.\nThe cartel members can be heard celebrating as the backhoe smashes through parts of the building.\nLos Chapitos are Iván Archivaldo Guzmán Salazar, Jesús Alfredo Guzmán Salazar, Ovidio Guzmán López and Joaquín Guzmán López, all in their 30s.\nIn October, 2019, the armed forces undertook an operation to capture Ovidio Guzmán.', 'channel': 'mexiconewsdaily.com', 'text': 'The protégé children of jailed former Sinaloa Cartel leader Joaquín “El Chapo” Guzmán have been blamed for destroying two homes of rival cartel leaders in Sonora on Thursday.\n\nThe brothers, known as Los Chapitos, are accused of sending members of Los Cazadores (“The Hunters”) cartel with a backhoe to wreck the homes in Pitiquito, Sonora. There was no response from authorities, despite the homes’ vicinity to a National Guard base.\n\nParts of the two homes, allegedly belonging to leaders of the rival Caborca Cartel, were demolished in broad daylight, but the state Attorney General’s Office said it received no reports about the events, which were filmed by cartel members.\n\nAuthorities knew that the homes were a target, after they were sprayed with bullets in a previous incident.\n\n“There’s your house, Yuyo… you’re not going to have a house anymore, fool!” a person can be heard saying off camera, presumably addressing one of the Caborca Cartel’s leaders.\n\nLos Cazadores filmed themselves attacking their rivals’ homes with heavy machinery.\n\nThe cartel members can be heard celebrating as the backhoe smashes through parts of the building.\n\nLos Chapitos are Iván Archivaldo Guzmán Salazar, Jesús Alfredo Guzmán Salazar, Ovidio Guzmán López and Joaquín Guzmán López, all in their 30s. They are in a battle with the Caborca Cartel and other affiliated cartels for the control of the Caborca desert, which is a crucial trafficking route through Sonora to the U.S. border.\n\nIn December, the U.S. State Department announced rewards of up to US $5 million each for information leading to the arrest and/or conviction of Los Chapitos. The State Department said the four men are high-ranking members of the Sinaloa Cartel and subject to federal indictments in the U.S. for their involvement in the illicit drug trade.\n\nIt’s not only El Chapo’s sons that are involved in the drug trade: his wife, Emma Coronel Aispuro, was handed a three-year jail sentence in November in a United States court after she requested leniency from the judge.\n\nIn October, 2019, the armed forces undertook an operation to capture Ovidio Guzmán. Culiacán, Sinaloa, was briefly turned into a battlefield with blocked avenues, burning vehicles, convoys of armed vehicles and heavily armed men. Amid the threat of civilian turmoil, Ovidio was released.\n\nTwo of the leaders of Los Cazadores were arrested in April and June last year.\n\nThe Sinaloa Cartel and other cartels have shifted their concentration from naturally grown drugs such as marijuana and opium to the manufacture and distribution of more powerful synthetic drugs. Defense Minister Luis Cresencio Sandoval said in March that 127 synthetic drug labs had been busted by the current administration, mostly in Sinaloa.\n\nWith reports from Infobae', 'image': 'https://mexiconewsdaily.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/houses.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:03'}

{'title': "UNICEF: 'Alarming' drop in vaccination among children in Latin America", 'keywords': ['vaccination', 'caribbean', 'health', 'coverage', 'region', 'america', 'diphtheria'], 'polarity': 0.0484, 'subjectivity': 0.3668, 'link': 'https://www.batimes.com.ar/news/latin-america/unicef-alarming-drop-in-vaccination-amongst-children-in-latin-america.phtml', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:22', 'summary': 'One in four children in Latin America and the Caribbean does not have vaccine protection against three potentially deadly diseases, which makes them vulnerable in a region where there is an "alarming" decrease in vaccinated minors, UNICEF warned on Monday.\n"In just five years, the complete vaccination schedule for diphtheria, tetanus and pertussis in Latin America and the Caribbean has dropped from 90 percent in 2015 to 76 percent in 2020," UNICEF said in a statement.\nThis means, according to the United Nations Children\'s Fund (UNICEF), that "one in four boys and girls" in Latin America has not received the full routine vaccination schedule that would protect them from "multiple diseases."\n"The decline in vaccination rates in the region is alarming," Jean Gough, UNICEF regional director for Latin America and the Caribbean, based in Panama, warned in a statement.\n"There are several causes for this decline," Ralph Midy, regional specialist for Maternal and Neonatal Health for UNICEF in Latin America and the Caribbean, told AFP.', 'channel': 'batimes.com.ar', 'text': 'One in four children in Latin America and the Caribbean does not have vaccine protection against three potentially deadly diseases, which makes them vulnerable in a region where there is an "alarming" decrease in vaccinated minors, UNICEF warned on Monday.\n\n"In just five years, the complete vaccination schedule for diphtheria, tetanus and pertussis in Latin America and the Caribbean has dropped from 90 percent in 2015 to 76 percent in 2020," UNICEF said in a statement.\n\nThis means, according to the United Nations Children\'s Fund (UNICEF), that "one in four boys and girls" in Latin America has not received the full routine vaccination schedule that would protect them from "multiple diseases."\n\n"The decline in vaccination rates in the region is alarming," Jean Gough, UNICEF regional director for Latin America and the Caribbean, based in Panama, warned in a statement.\n\nThe situation "leaves millions of children and adolescents exposed to serious illness, or even death, when it could be avoided," he added.\n\nAccording to data provided by UNICEF, Haiti and Suriname – with only half of the children vaccinated against diphtheria, tetanus and whooping cough – have the lowest coverage percentages in the region when it comes to these diseases. They are followed by Venezuela, with 60 percent, Bolivia, with 68 percent, and Ecuador with 70 percent.\n\nIn contrast, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Dominica, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, and Cuba in the Caribbean, and Costa Rica in Central America have the highest coverage, with more than 95 percent.\n\nIn South America, Uruguay, with 92 percent, has the best record.\n\nVarious causes\n\nUNICEF \u200b\u200bsaid that the drop in coverage, 14 percentage points in the last five years, reflects almost 2.5 million children, who have not received the three doses of the vaccine against diphtheria, tetanus and whooping cough.\n\nOf them, 1.5 million have not even received the first dose of the vaccine.\n\nThe decrease in vaccination coverage had already begun before the Vovid-19 pandemic, but due to the coronavirus, the situation was aggravated by the suspension of many basic health services and the fear of getting infected by going to a clinic.\n\n"There are several causes for this decline," Ralph Midy, regional specialist for Maternal and Neonatal Health for UNICEF in Latin America and the Caribbean, told AFP.\n\n"The context of the region has changed in the last five years. Governments have focused their attention on other emerging public health issues, such as [the] Zika, chikungunya [viruses], and more recently Covid-19," he added.\n\nThe existence of migrant populations that are difficult to locate and who do not always have access to regular health services, in addition to people who live in isolated or difficult-to-reach areas, also make the vaccination process difficult.\n\nDangerous recoil\n\nUNICEF \u200b\u200bwarned that the decrease in the percentage of vaccinated children is a "dangerous setback" because it puts the health of minors at risk, who can suffer lifelong consequences.\n\nIn addition, the decrease in vaccination also facilitates the spread of diseases such as measles, whose virus is highly contagious.\n\nUnited Nations data indicates that while in 2013 there were almost 500 cases of measles, in 2019 the figure rose to more than 23,000. The same with diphtheria, which went from five cases, in 2013, to almost 900 in 2019.\n\n"We need to get back to that 90% coverage that we had five years ago and even improve on it," Midy said.\n\n"As countries recover from the pandemic, immediate action is needed to prevent coverage rates from falling further, because the potential re-emergence of disease outbreaks also poses a serious risk to all of society," Gough said.\n\nby Juan José Rodríguez, AFP', 'image': 'https://fotos.perfil.com/2021/04/21/trim/1140/641/colombia-bogota-vaccine-1161685.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:22'}
{'title': 'PAHO Director Calls For Immunization Gaps To Be Closed For All Vaccines - St. Lucia Times News', 'keywords': ['times', 'vaccination', 'gaps', 'health', 'world', 'week', 'americas', 'covid19', 'coverage', 'pandemic'], 'polarity': 0.1064, 'subjectivity': 0.4479, 'link': 'https://stluciachronicle.com/paho-director-calls-for-immunization-gaps-to-be-closed-for-all-vaccines-st-lucia-times-news/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:38', 'summary': 'Gaps in vaccination coverage, including for COVID-19 vaccines, must be closed, she said.\n“Today we are again at the same vaccination coverage levels that we reported in 1994, when these diseases still posed a serious threat to our children, families, and communities,” she said.\nThis year, the countries and territories of the region plan to immunize around 140 million people for Vaccination Week, which celebrates its 20th anniversary.\nMore recently, we introduced the COVID-19 vaccines, with a current coverage of over 43% of the total population being fully vaccinated.\nUnfortunately, according to PAHO, there is a less than average uptake of COVID-19 vaccines as well as an observable change in the trajectory of childhood immunizations.', 'channel': 'stluciachronicle.com', 'text': '– Advertisement –\n\nIn 2020, 2.7 million children in the Americas did not receive the essential vaccines needed to keep them healthy due to interruptions in health services caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, warned Director of the Pan American Health Organization (PAHO), Carissa F. Etienne. Gaps in vaccination coverage, including for COVID-19 vaccines, must be closed, she said.\n\n“While we labored arduously to protect our populations against COVID-19, our routine immunization programs were severely affected,” Dr. Etienne said at the launch of the 20th Vaccination Week in the Americas in Roseau, Dominica. “But even before COVID-19 brought the world to a sudden halt, our coverage for routine vaccines had fallen below optimal levels,” she added.\n\nAccording to the PAHO Director, the last two years have set back almost three decades of vaccination progress against polio and measles, creating a real risk for their reintroduction. “Today we are again at the same vaccination coverage levels that we reported in 1994, when these diseases still posed a serious threat to our children, families, and communities,” she said.\n\nDr. Etienne warned that “if this situation continues, we will pay an extremely high price in loss of life, increased disabilities, and enormous financial costs.”\n\n– Advertisement –\n\nSince the introduction of COVID-19 vaccines in the region 15 months ago, more than 66% of people in Latin America and the Caribbean have been fully vaccinated. “This seminal achievement is, however, not sufficient,” Dr. Etienne said. “There is still a long way to go to ensure that all populations at risk receive the doses that they need for protection.”\n\n“The inequitable access to COVID-19 vaccines, and widespread vaccine hesitancy, have unmasked concerning fault lines along our regional landscape,” she said, adding that “this is a dilemma that must be addressed sooner rather than later.” Vaccination Week is an opportunity to “dispel doubts and promote the benefits of vaccination.”\n\nThe Americas have led the fight in the eradication of smallpox, the elimination of polio, measles and rubella, and in the early introduction of new vaccines such as pneumococcal, human papilloma virus (HPV), and rotavirus, among others. This year, the countries and territories of the region plan to immunize around 140 million people for Vaccination Week, which celebrates its 20th anniversary.\n\nQuotes from presidents, ministers and partners of the Americas at the Vaccination Week launch event\n\nReginald Austrie, Acting Prime Minister of Dominica\n\n“The support from PAHO during the past two years and before has been invaluable. Dominica has been able to fight against COVID-19, limiting the number of deaths and reducing the impact of the virus. Dominica has vaccinated more than 41% of the population, but we acknowledge that more of our people should have already received their shots. Dominica was one of the first countries in our region to receive a significant number of donations of vaccines, as well as from the COVAX Facility. Vaccines have, from early on, been available to every eligible Dominican. Access to vaccines therefore has never been a problem during this pandemic, but we recommit to increasing our vaccination numbers this week and in the coming months.”\n\nGabriel Boric, President of Chile\n\n“There is no doubt that vaccines have had tremendous importance in our history and particularly in recent years because of the pandemic. In the face of movements that sometimes question the efficacy and meaning of these mass vaccination processes, we can only defend the achievement of science which, thanks to the collaboration of scientist all over the world, has led to the development of mechanisms to combat terrible situations like the pandemic. However, vaccination rates in countries of the Americas remain very different. We are in a situation where we can either work together to save ourselves or sink on our own.”\n\nGuillermo Lasso, President of Ecuador\n\n“After facing the COVID pandemic, the world has understood the importance of vaccines. Not only because they have saved lives, but because they have been key to us returning to normal life. Vaccination is our best ally for preventing and protecting us from diseases. This has been proven with the dramatic reduction in COVID-19, the uncrowded hospitals and the empty ICU beds. This has been possible because of our vaccination coverage against COVID-19, which has immunized almost 9 out of 10 Ecuadorians.”\n\nXiomara Castro, President of Honduras\n\n“During the pandemic, regular vaccination coverage declined, which is why I have called for our national immunization programs to be strengthened and for the necessary investment to be made to ensure quality, free and universal health in our territories, particularly in areas of greater vulnerability. I join PAHO and WHO in committing to make all possible efforts to bring vaccination to all corners of the country, without discrimination and leaving no one behind.”\n\nDr. Irving McIntyre, Minister of Health, Wellness and New Health Investment of Dominica\n\n“Dominica’s Expanded Program of Immunization offers vaccines free of charge, at the primary health care level, throughout the life course, against diseases that include diphtheria, pertussis, tetanus, measles, mumps, rubella, tuberculosis, poliomyelitis and hepatitis. In 2019, we also saw the successful introduction of the HPV vaccine for adolescents which had one of the highest introductory coverage in the region, reaching approximately 92% of adolescents. More recently, we introduced the COVID-19 vaccines, with a current coverage of over 43% of the total population being fully vaccinated. In order to make the best use of COVID-19 vaccines and to accelerate vaccination uptake, we need to implement unconventional and non-traditional concepts in these unprecedented times, including the mobile vaccination team and the launch of a digital vaccination certificate.”\n\nDr Rochelle Walensky, Director of the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC)\n\n“The decades of effort put into building immunization programs around the world, done in partnership with the countries’ public health programs, helped lay the foundation for our ability to vaccinate the world against COVID-19. Capitalizing on the work put in place to rapidly scale-up vaccination support for COVID-19 will provide many future dividends as we vaccinate against other diseases. We will only achieve our goals by working together. You have the United States government as your partners in this work.”\n\nDr Carla Barnett, Secretary-general of the Caribbean Community (CARICOM\n\n“Vaccination has allowed the Caribbean to eliminate measles, smallpox, poliomyelitis, and rubella and congenital rubella syndrome. Unfortunately, according to PAHO, there is a less than average uptake of COVID-19 vaccines as well as an observable change in the trajectory of childhood immunizations. In order to address the issue of vaccine hesitancy, the CARICOM Secretariat is collaborating with CARPHA, PAHO, civil society and others to redouble and accelerate public information and education efforts to address disinformation, myths and other drivers and enablers of vaccine hesitancy.”\n\nSource: Pan American Health Organization\n\n– Advertisement –', 'image': 'https://stluciachronicle.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/Carissa-Etienne-Z0PGr5.jpeg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:38'}

{'title': 'Norwegian heavyweights Statkraft and Aker link for green hydrogen in Brazil and India', 'keywords': ['project', 'horizons', 'hydrogen', 'power', 'production', 'heavyweights', 'statkraft', 'india'], 'polarity': 0.0333, 'subjectivity': 0.3491, 'link': 'https://www.rechargenews.com/energy-transition/norwegian-heavyweights-statkraft-and-aker-link-for-green-hydrogen-in-brazil-and-india/2-1-1207015', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:36', 'summary': 'Norwegian duo Statkraft and Aker Horizons unveiled plans to cooperate over potential green hydrogen and ammonia production in Brazil and India.\nIn Brazil a first co-operation will see Statkraft and Aker Horizons’ Aker Clean Hydrogen unit advance power-to-x projects in the state of Bahia in conjunction with Sowitec, the global wind and solar developer that is 25% owned by Vestas.\nIn India, Statkraft and Aker said they will look to link green power generation with hydrogen for steel decarbonisation.\n“With considerable renewable energy production and market activities in India and Brazil, Statkraft is well positioned to capture green hydrogen opportunities in these two huge and important energy markets,” said Jürgen Tzschoppe, executive vice president, international power for Statkraft.\nOslo-listed Aker Clean Hydrogen is currently the subject of a merger plan that will see it taken private and operate as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Aker Horizons.', 'channel': 'rechargenews.com', 'text': 'Norwegian duo Statkraft and Aker Horizons unveiled plans to cooperate over potential green hydrogen and ammonia production in Brazil and India.\n\nNorwegian state-owned power utility Statkraft and Aker Horizons, the energy transition arm of industrial conglomerate Aker, said they will look at opportunities in areas such as steel sector decarbonisation and ammonia export in the two nations, both of which have staked claims to become global players in the emerging hydrogen economy.\n\nIn Brazil a first co-operation will see Statkraft and Aker Horizons’ Aker Clean Hydrogen unit advance power-to-x projects in the state of Bahia in conjunction with Sowitec, the global wind and solar developer that is 25% owned by Vestas.\n\nThe trio’s first planned project is a “large-scale hybrid project, which combines renewable power generation, and hydrogen and ammonia production for the local fertiliser industry”, said a statement that referenced Brazilian government plans to reduce its current 80% reliance on imported fertilisers. The first Bahia project is due to be in service by 2027.\n\nIn India, Statkraft and Aker said they will look to link green power generation with hydrogen for steel decarbonisation.\n\nIndia in February unveiled the first part of a green hydrogen strategy that aims to produce five million tonnes annually by 2030 and slash the cost of the energy transition fuel.\n\n“With considerable renewable energy production and market activities in India and Brazil, Statkraft is well positioned to capture green hydrogen opportunities in these two huge and important energy markets,” said Jürgen Tzschoppe, executive vice president, international power for Statkraft.\n\nOslo-listed Aker Clean Hydrogen is currently the subject of a merger plan that will see it taken private and operate as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Aker Horizons.', 'image': 'https://images-global.nhst.tech/image/L0ptNzZ1dHlLdEZwa013UGJYeHBXZ0N3S08reGtkTGptWmRJQUJzWGVDMD0=/nhst/binary/bcbe118914ce4f259855c4a360ce76f8?image_version=720', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:36'}
{'title': 'Aker Horizons, Statkraft to explore green hydrogen production in India and Brazil', 'keywords': ['company', 'explore', 'renewable', 'hydrogen', 'power', 'opportunities', 'horizons', 'india'], 'polarity': 0.0207, 'subjectivity': 0.3529, 'link': 'https://www.pv-tech.org/aker-horizons-statkraft-to-explore-green-hydrogen-production-in-india-and-brazil/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:24', 'summary': 'Green hydrogen, made from renewable power, has the potential to help decarbonise hard-to-abate industrial sectors.\nIn India, the world’s second largest hydrogen consumer, Aker and Statkraft will explore joint development opportunities of fully-integrated renewable power generation and green hydrogen production, targeting the steel industry and ammonia for domestic use and export.\nAker Clean Hydrogen is also expected to merge with parent company Aker Horizons in June.\nWith the cost of green hydrogen production predicted by some to fall below US$1.5/kg by the mid-2020s, its potential in decarbonising hard-to-abate sectors is significant.\nPV Tech Premium has laid out everything you need to know about green hydrogen and its integration with solar PV.', 'channel': 'pv-tech.org', 'text': 'Green hydrogen, made from renewable power, has the potential to help decarbonise hard-to-abate industrial sectors. Image: Statkraft\n\nAker Horizons and Statkraft have signed collaboration agreements to jointly explore opportunities for green hydrogen and ammonia production in India and Brazil\n\nThe collaboration, which Aker is conducting through its portfolio company Aker Clean Hydrogen, will target local steel and fertiliser industries, which are classified as “hard-to-abate” sectors.\n\nGreen hydrogen could provide a way of decarbonising these industrial sectors and an opportunity to increase security of supply of both steel and fertilisers, Aker said.\n\nIn India, the world’s second largest hydrogen consumer, Aker and Statkraft will explore joint development opportunities of fully-integrated renewable power generation and green hydrogen production, targeting the steel industry and ammonia for domestic use and export. India has seen significant investment in green hydrogen facilities recently.\n\nIn Brazil, the world’s fourth largest consumer of fertilisers, Aker, Statkraft and Sowitec, a company specialising in developing renewable wind and solar assets, aim to jointly develop ‘power-to-X’ projects in the state of Bahia. The first project being looked at is a large-scale hybrid project, which combines renewable power generation and hydrogen and ammonia production for the local fertiliser industry.\n\n“Both India and Brazil are large consumers of hydrogen, have supportive governmental policies and benefit from world-class renewable energy resources, which offers significant opportunities for green hydrogen and ammonia production,” said Knut Nyborg, CEO of Aker Clean Hydrogen.\n\n“With considerable renewable energy production and market activities in India and Brazil, Statkraft is well positioned to capture green hydrogen opportunities in these two huge and important energy markets,” said Statkraft’ executive vice president for international power Jürgen Tzschoppe.\n\nAt the start of last month, Aker Horizons announced plans to merge its offshore wind and hydrogen units into its parent company to “strengthen” its renewables development capabilities. Aker Clean Hydrogen is also expected to merge with parent company Aker Horizons in June.\n\nElsewhere, the war in Ukraine will “turbocharge” the global green hydrogen sector as the cost of alternatives soar by more than 70% and Europe seeks to reduce its reliance on Russian gas with a series a financial packages.\n\nWith the cost of green hydrogen production predicted by some to fall below US$1.5/kg by the mid-2020s, its potential in decarbonising hard-to-abate sectors is significant. PV Tech Premium has laid out everything you need to know about green hydrogen and its integration with solar PV.', 'image': 'https://www.pv-tech.org/wp-content/uploads/2021/02/statkraft.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:24'}

{'title': "US State Dept. finds Brazil's electoral system reliable", 'keywords': ['nuland', 'confidence', 'electronic', 'voting', 'stf', 'president', 'brazils', 'systems', 'system'], 'polarity': 0.0689, 'subjectivity': 0.2883, 'link': 'https://en.mercopress.com/2022/04/26/us-state-dept.-finds-brazil-s-electoral-system-reliable?utm_source=feed&utm_medium=rss&utm_content=main&utm_campaign=rss', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:21', 'summary': "finds Brazil's electoral system reliable26th Tuesday, April 2022 - 21:09 UTC Full articleBrazilian leaders should express that same confidence, Nuland stressedA high-ranking official from the US State Department admitted during an interview with CNN Brazil that the administration of President Joseph Biden fully trusts the electronic ballot system used in the South American country.\nThe US has \x93real confidence\x94 in the electronic ballot boxes, said Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs Veronica Nuland, who is on an official visit to Brasilia.\n”All Brazilians must trust the (electoral) systems and participate, which is the most important thing,\x93 said Nuland.\n\x94And Brazilian leaders should express that same confidence in the voting systems,\x93 she added.\nBolsonaro spoke last week of suspicions about the voting system during the Army Day celebrations, and last Sunday STF Justice Roberto Barroso claimed that the Armed Forces were being driven to \x94attack\x93 the electoral system.", 'channel': 'en.mercopress.com', 'text': "US State Dept. finds Brazil's electoral system reliable\n\n26th Tuesday, April 2022 - 21:09 UTC Full article\n\nBrazilian leaders should express that same confidence, Nuland stressed\n\nA high-ranking official from the US State Department admitted during an interview with CNN Brazil that the administration of President Joseph Biden fully trusts the electronic ballot system used in the South American country.\n\nThe US has \x93real confidence\x94 in the electronic ballot boxes, said Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs Veronica Nuland, who is on an official visit to Brasilia.\n\nPresident Jair Bolsonaro has repeatedly expressed his doubts about the mechanism with which he was elected into office, saying a second round would have not been necessary were the electronic voting machines not there.\n\nBolsonaro has engaged in a series of controversies with Supreme Federal Court (STF) Judge and Electoral Superior Court future Chief Justice Alexander De Moraes over the issue.\n\n”All Brazilians must trust the (electoral) systems and participate, which is the most important thing,\x93 said Nuland. \x94And Brazilian leaders should express that same confidence in the voting systems,\x93 she added.\n\nNuland and US Energy and Environment Undersecretary José Fernández are in Brasilia to hold meetings with Foreign Minister Carlos Alberto Franco França and other local authorities.\n\nThe agenda of the two President Biden envoys includes issues such as democratic governance, racial democracy, respect for human rights, as well as trade incentives, it was reported.\n\nBolsonaro spoke last week of suspicions about the voting system during the Army Day celebrations, and last Sunday STF Justice Roberto Barroso claimed that the Armed Forces were being driven to \x94attack\x93 the electoral system.\n\nDefense Minister, General Paulo Sergio Nogueira de Oliveira, found the magistrate's statements \x94irresponsible.” Barroso was also criticized by other Government officials, including Vice President, General Hamilton Mourao.", 'image': 'https://en.mercopress.com/data/cache/noticias/87544/600x315/nuland.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:21'}
{'title': "Brazil's Bolsonaro Has Learned Well His Lessons with Trump", 'keywords': ['electronic', 'voting', 'political', 'elections', 'process', 'president', 'brazils', 'electoral', 'system', 'public'], 'polarity': -0.0225, 'subjectivity': 0.3106, 'link': 'https://www.brazzil.com/brazils-bolsonaro-has-learned-well-his-lessons-with-trump/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:25', 'summary': 'Bolsonaro’s attacks on the political system are now escalating ahead of Brazil’s 2022 national elections in October.\nThroughout his political career, Bolsonaro, like Trump, has repeatedly revealed his contempt for democratic institutions and playing by the rules.\nLike Trump, Bolsonaro started this process of undermining confidence in the democratic process some time ago by claiming that elections were fraudulent.\nHis attacks on the reliability of the electoral system have been reinforced by the mass distribution of digital misinformation through social media.\nBolsonaro’s attacks on the political system are escalating ahead of the elections.', 'channel': 'brazzil.com', 'text': 'The day after the attack on the US Capitol in January 2021, Brazil’s president Jair Bolsonaro threatened: “If we don’t have printed ballot papers in 2022, so we can check the vote, we’re going to have worse trouble than in the United States.”\n\nFor the past four years Bolsonaro has been telling his political base that the voting system is not to be trusted, echoing tactics used by former US president Donald Trump before the last US election.\n\nBolsonaro’s attacks on the political system are now escalating ahead of Brazil’s 2022 national elections in October.\n\nCurrently, Bolsonaro is projected to lose in every scenario devised by pollsters. This would represent a significant legal threat to any elected politicians who lose their seats, they would lose legal protections such as the right to be tried only in the supreme court.\n\nThe list of possible allegations against the Bolsonaro administration include collusion with armed militias in Rio de Janeiro, spreading fake news, corruption and embezzlement of public funds and, in the president’s case, his catastrophic handling of the public health crisis of COVID-19, which has already been part of a public inquiry.\n\nThroughout his political career, Bolsonaro, like Trump, has repeatedly revealed his contempt for democratic institutions and playing by the rules. He praised the military coup of 1964 (calling it “the second Independence Day”), and the practices of that military regime, which tortured and murdered political opponents.\n\nAs a federal legislator for Rio de Janeiro, he claimed that the dictatorship should have killed “at least 30,000” citizens, among them the then president, Fernando Henrique Cardoso. One of Bolsanaro’s pledges, while campaigning in 2018, was to reward police officers for killing criminal suspects.\n\nOnce elected president, he praised Rio de Janeiro’s police for shooting dead 28 people during a raid on a favela. As head of state he has also consistently resisted any limitations imposed on him, whether by the provisions of the constitution, the actions of the opposition, the checks and balances built into the federal separation of powers, or critical press coverage.\n\nLike Trump, Bolsonaro started this process of undermining confidence in the democratic process some time ago by claiming that elections were fraudulent.\n\nHe has repeatedly questioned both the electronic voting and vote-counting process, and the impartiality of the electoral courts which organize and regulate elections in Brazil.\n\nHis attacks on the reliability of the electoral system have been reinforced by the mass distribution of digital misinformation through social media.\n\nHis fake news strategy, targeting his electoral rivals, was unleashed first by his campaign team and supporters.\n\nIn October 2018, elections for state and federal deputies were held concurrently with the presidential ballot, and some legislative candidates on the same party ticket as Bolsonaro spread rumors about the soundness of the electoral process. Fernando Francischini, a Bolsonaro supporter, who was elected state deputy in Paraná, in the south of Brazil, alleged, without any evidence, that some electronic ballot boxes had prevented people from voting for Bolsonaro and had been seized.\n\nJudges at the Superior Electoral Court (TSE) ruled in October 2021 that this had not occurred, and Francischini was stripped of his seat for disseminating digital disinformation in 2018.\n\nSince then the lie has been repeated over and over by Bolsonaro, who even tried to jettison Brazil’s well-regarded electronic voting system, introduced in the late 1990s, with a paper-based one, which had proven more susceptible to fraud and abuse in the past.\n\nWhile there have been no cases of proven electronic manipulation of electoral results in Brazil, all electronic systems have potential vulnerabilities and a lack of information contributes to high levels of public distrust that can be exploited.\n\nIn any case, the constitutional amendment failed to get the necessary votes in congress to pass and the TSE, noted that, while the court would not act on the misconduct in 2018, it would punish any repetition in 2022: “the registration of candidacies will be canceled and those who engage in this activity will go to jail”.\n\nAccording to the Bolsonaro’s faithful supporters, a plot has been hatched between the polling institutes, opposition parties, corrupt elites in the judiciary, the press, and even social media companies, to prevent his re-election and put his nemesis, former president Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, back in power. The 2021 decision by the supreme court to overturn Lula’s convictions for corruption, which had kept him out of the political picture in 2018, is seen as part of this ruse.\n\nBolsonaro’s attacks on the political system are escalating ahead of the elections. Some of his staunchest supporters are military police officers and security personnel and firearms registrations have surged under Bolsonaro’s deregulation of gun ownership, raising fears of a situation like the invasion on the US Capitol. Brazil’s democratic institutions will have to work hard to maintain the legitimacy of the system and ensure a peaceful transfer of power.\n\nFiona Macaulay is professor of Gender, Peace and Development at University of Bradford\n\nCláudio Gonçalves Couto is Associate professor at Brazilian School of Public and Business Administration (EBAPE/FGV)\n\nThis article was originally published in The Conversation. Read the original article here: https://theconversation.com/why-brazils-bolsonaro-is-following-trumps-pre-election-playbook-177863', 'image': 'https://www.brazzil.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/trump040122.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:25'}

{'title': 'CBP To Issue Warning Letters To Certain Importers In Advance Of Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act Implementation', 'keywords': ['brown', 'presumption', 'legal', 'mayer', 'practices', 'cbp', 'uflpa', 'issue', 'labor', 'uyghur', 'supply'], 'polarity': -0.0241, 'subjectivity': 0.146, 'link': 'https://www.mondaq.com/unitedstates/international-trade-investment/1187054/cbp-to-issue-warning-letters-to-certain-importers-in-advance-of-uyghur-forced-labor-prevention-act-implementation', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:44', 'summary': 'In December 2021, President Biden signed the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act ("UFLPA") into law.\nThe post CBP to Issue Warning Letters to Certain Importers in Advance of Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act Implementation appeared first on Eye on ESG.\nVisit us at mayerbrown.comMayer Brown is a global legal services provider comprising legal practices that are separate entities (the "Mayer Brown Practices").\nThe Mayer Brown Practices are: Mayer Brown LLP and Mayer Brown Europe - Brussels LLP, both limited liability partnerships established in Illinois USA; Mayer Brown International LLP, a limited liability partnership incorporated in England and Wales (authorized and regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority and registered in England and Wales number OC 303359); Mayer Brown, a SELAS established in France; Mayer Brown JSM, a Hong Kong partnership and its associated entities in Asia; and Tauil & Chequer Advogados, a Brazilian law partnership with which Mayer Brown is associated.\n"Mayer Brown" and the Mayer Brown logo are the trademarks of the Mayer Brown Practices in their respective jurisdictions.', 'channel': 'mondaq.com', 'text': 'In December 2021, President Biden signed the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act ("UFLPA") into law. The UFLPA creates a rebuttable presumption that goods "mined, produced, or manufactured wholly or in part" in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region ("XUAR") of China, or by certain other entities in China, are made with forced labor and that such goods, wares, articles, and merchandise are not entitled to entry to the United States.1 The presumption applies unless the Commissioner of U.S. Customs and Border Protection ("CBP") determines that the importer of record has complied with certain due diligence and evidentiary standards. The UFLPA requires CBP to publish guidance on the due diligence and evidentiary standard needed to rebut the presumption after a formal rulemaking process. The UFLPA also requires the Forced Labor Enforcement Task Force ("FLETF"), an interagency group dedicated to preventing the import of goods made with forced labor into the US, to "develop a strategy for supporting enforcement of Section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930 (19 U.S.C. 1307) to prevent the importation into the United States of goods mined, produced, or manufactured wholly or in part with forced labor in the People\'s Republic of China."2 For more information on the contents of the UFLPA, please refer to our previous Legal Alert on the subject.\n\nThe rebuttable presumption will enter into force on June 21, 2022, the same day that the FLETF must submit its initial strategy to Congress for review. The FLETF has already solicited written comments and hosted a public hearing to inform its strategy.\n\nOn April 12, 2022, CBP announced on its website that, in advance of June 21, 2022, the date of enter into force of the rebuttable presumption, CBP will be issuing letters to importers that it has identified as having previously imported merchandise that may be subject to the UFLPA to encourage them to address any forced labor issues in their supply chains in a timely manner. CBP noted that not receiving a letter is not an indication that a company\'s supply chain is free of forced labor. CBP urged all importers to thoroughly review their supply chains, regardless of whether they received a letter, to ensure that their supply chains do not use any convict labor, forced labor or indentured labor, including any forced or indentured child labor.\n\nFootnotes\n\n1. Pub. L. 117-78 § 3.\n\n2. Pub. L. 117-78 § 2(c).\n\nThe post CBP to Issue Warning Letters to Certain Importers in Advance of Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act Implementation appeared first on Eye on ESG.\n\nVisit us at mayerbrown.com\n\nMayer Brown is a global legal services provider comprising legal practices that are separate entities (the "Mayer Brown Practices"). The Mayer Brown Practices are: Mayer Brown LLP and Mayer Brown Europe - Brussels LLP, both limited liability partnerships established in Illinois USA; Mayer Brown International LLP, a limited liability partnership incorporated in England and Wales (authorized and regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority and registered in England and Wales number OC 303359); Mayer Brown, a SELAS established in France; Mayer Brown JSM, a Hong Kong partnership and its associated entities in Asia; and Tauil & Chequer Advogados, a Brazilian law partnership with which Mayer Brown is associated. "Mayer Brown" and the Mayer Brown logo are the trademarks of the Mayer Brown Practices in their respective jurisdictions.\n\n© Copyright 2020. The Mayer Brown Practices. All rights reserved.\n\nThis Mayer Brown article provides information and comments on legal issues and developments of interest. The foregoing is not a comprehensive treatment of the subject matter covered and is not intended to provide legal advice. Readers should seek specific legal advice before taking any action with respect to the matters discussed herein.', 'image': 'https://www.mondaq.com/images/Mondaq_Share.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:44'}
{'title': 'Landmark US Humanitarian Parole Program:', 'keywords': ['brown', 'program', 'ukrainians', 'legal', 'mayer', 'practices', 'ukraine', 'ukrainian', 'humanitarian'], 'polarity': 0.0455, 'subjectivity': 0.1606, 'link': 'https://www.mondaq.com/unitedstates/work-visas/1186968/landmark-us-humanitarian-parole-program-uniting-for-ukraine', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:31', 'summary': 'With no visible end in sight to the military operation, the United States government has announced a new, first-of-its-kind humanitarian parole program called "Uniting for Ukraine (U4U)."\nUkrainians approved for humanitarian parole under the Uniting for Ukraine program will be eligible for work authorization.\nThe Mayer Brown Practices are: Mayer Brown LLP and Mayer Brown Europe - Brussels LLP, both limited liability partnerships established in Illinois USA; Mayer Brown International LLP, a limited liability partnership incorporated in England and Wales (authorized and regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority and registered in England and Wales number OC 303359); Mayer Brown, a SELAS established in France; Mayer Brown JSM, a Hong Kong partnership and its associated entities in Asia; and Tauil & Chequer Advogados, a Brazilian law partnership with which Mayer Brown is associated.\n"Mayer Brown" and the Mayer Brown logo are the trademarks of the Mayer Brown Practices in their respective jurisdictions.\nThe Mayer Brown Practices.', 'channel': 'mondaq.com', 'text': 'The conflict in Ukraine has caused civilian casualties and destruction of infrastructure. Since the Ukraine-Russia military crisis escalated two months ago, over 5.2 million Ukrainians have left their homeland as they seek safety and protection in neighboring countries and abroad.\n\nWith no visible end in sight to the military operation, the United States government has announced a new, first-of-its-kind humanitarian parole program called "Uniting for Ukraine (U4U)."\n\nBeginning on April 25, 2022, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) is administering a new sponsorship-based, streamlined process that allows Ukrainian nationals seeking refuge to arrive and temporarily remain in the United States from abroad. In remarks following a meeting with the Ukrainian prime minister, President Joseph Biden stated that the new program complements current legal steps, which include immigrant visas and refugee processing. During his trip to Europe last month, the president pledged the United States would welcome up to 100,000 Ukrainians escaping from the violence in their home country due to Russian aggression. This new plan, he said, fulfills his prior commitment and ensures the Ukrainian people "need not go through our southern border."\n\nTo be eligible, Ukrainian applicants must have been in their home country as of February 11, 2022. In addition, they must: have a US-based sponsor, meet certain public health requirements, complete biometric screening and pass security vetting.\n\nDHS will accept and review applications to sponsor Ukrainian citizens from any US-based individual or organization, without any requirement of preexisting links to the Ukrainian nationals. To participate in the program, sponsors must commit to providing financial support and pass a security background check as a means to prevent trafficking and exploitation.\n\nUkrainians approved for humanitarian parole under the Uniting for Ukraine program will be eligible for work authorization. Thus, the new program will provide an option for clients seeking to assist employees and their family members. In addition, organizations seeking to grow their talent pool may simultaneously assist and benefit from the program by providing Ukrainians with both sponsorship and employment in the United States.\n\nLink: How to Apply for U4U Program\n\nVisit us at mayerbrown.com\n\nMayer Brown is a global legal services provider comprising legal practices that are separate entities (the "Mayer Brown Practices"). The Mayer Brown Practices are: Mayer Brown LLP and Mayer Brown Europe - Brussels LLP, both limited liability partnerships established in Illinois USA; Mayer Brown International LLP, a limited liability partnership incorporated in England and Wales (authorized and regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority and registered in England and Wales number OC 303359); Mayer Brown, a SELAS established in France; Mayer Brown JSM, a Hong Kong partnership and its associated entities in Asia; and Tauil & Chequer Advogados, a Brazilian law partnership with which Mayer Brown is associated. "Mayer Brown" and the Mayer Brown logo are the trademarks of the Mayer Brown Practices in their respective jurisdictions.\n\n© Copyright 2020. The Mayer Brown Practices. All rights reserved.\n\nThis Mayer Brown article provides information and comments on legal issues and developments of interest. The foregoing is not a comprehensive treatment of the subject matter covered and is not intended to provide legal advice. Readers should seek specific legal advice before taking any action with respect to the matters discussed herein.', 'image': 'https://www.mondaq.com/images/Mondaq_Share.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:31'}

{'title': 'Form 6-K Natura &Co Holding S.A. For: Apr 26', 'keywords': ['form', 'em', 'holding', 'fundo', '6k', 'natura', 'trust', 'investimento', 'master', 'index', 'apr', 'global', 'markets', 'fund', 'emerging'], 'polarity': 0.0526, 'subjectivity': 0.169, 'link': 'https://www.streetinsider.com/SEC+Filings/Form+6-K+Natura+%26amp%3BCo+Holding+S.A.+For%3A+Apr+26/19960495.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:10', 'summary': 'Minutes of the Annual and Extraordinary General Meetings of Shareholders Held on April 20, 2022, filed by Natura &Co Holding S.A. with the Brazilian Securities Commission on April 20, 2022.\nEnglish Translation of the Declaration of Vote of the Shareholder Caixa de Previdência Dos Funcionarios do Banco do Brasil – Previ.\nTRUSTEE MUTB400045794; ST STR MSCI ACWI EX USA IMI SCREENED NON-LENDING COMM TR FD; SPDR MSCI EMERGING MARKETS STRATEGICFACTORS ETF; THE MASTER TRUST BANK OF JAP, LTD. AS TR.\nFOR MTBJ400045828; THE MASTER TRUST BANK OF JAP., LTD. AS TR.\n33.754.482/0001-24, (“PREVI”), as shareholder representing 0.28% of the corporate capital of Natura &CO, publicy held company headquartered at Avenida Alexandre Colares, No.', 'channel': 'streetinsider.com', 'text': "UNITED STATES\n\nSECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION\n\nWashington, D.C. 20549\n\nFORM 6-K\n\nREPORT OF FOREIGN PRIVATE ISSUER PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-16 OR 15d-16 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934\n\nFor the month of April 2022\n\nCommission File Number: 001-39169\n\nNatura &Co Holding S.A.\n\n(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)\n\nAvenida Alexandre Colares, No. 1188, Sala A17-Bloco A\n\nParque Anhanguera\n\nSão Paulo, São Paulo 05106-000, Brazil\n\n(Address of principal executive office)\n\nIndicate by check mark whether the registrant files or will file annual reports under cover of Form 20-F or Form 40-F:\n\nForm 20-F X Form 40-F\n\nIndicate by check mark if the registrant is submitting the Form 6-K in paper as permitted by Regulation S-T Rule 101(b)(1):\n\nYes No X\n\nIndicate by check mark if the registrant is submitting the Form 6-K in paper as permitted by Regulation S-T Rule 101(b)(7):\n\nYes No X\n\nNATURA &CO HOLDING S.A.\n\nTABLE OF CONTENTS\n\nITEM 1. Minutes of the Annual and Extraordinary General Meetings of Shareholders Held on April 20, 2022, filed by Natura &Co Holding S.A. with the Brazilian Securities Commission on April 20, 2022. 2. English Translation of the Declaration of Vote of the Shareholder Caixa de Previdência Dos Funcionarios do Banco do Brasil – Previ.\n\nSIGNATURE\n\nPursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.\n\nNATURA &CO HOLDING S.A. By: /s/ Guilherme Strano Castellan Name: Guilherme Strano Castellan Title: Principal Financial Officer By: /s/ Itamar Gaino Filho Name: Itamar Gaino Filho Title: Chief Legal and Compliance Officer\n\nDate: April 26, 2022\n\nItem 1\n\nMinutes of the Annual and Extraordinary General Meetings of Shareholders Held on April 20, 2022, filed by Natura &Co Holding S.A. with the Brazilian Securities Commission on April 20, 2022.\n\nNATURA &CO HOLDING S.A.\n\nCNPJ/ME No. 32.785.497/0001-97 Publicly-Held Company NIRE 35.300.531.582\n\nMinutes of the Annual and Extraordinary General Meetings\n\nHeld on April 20, 2022\n\nI. Date, Time and Place : On April 20, 2022, at 8:00 a.m., Brasília time, solely by digital means, in accordance with the provisions of article 124, paragraph 2-A of Law No. 6,404 of December 15, 1976 (the “ Corporations Act ”) and of article 4, paragraph 2, item I of Brazilian Securities and Exchange Commission (“ CVM ”) Instruction No. 481 of December 17, 2009 (“ ICVM 481 ”). In accordance with article 4, paragraph 3 of ICVM 481, this Annual and Extraordinary General Meeting (the “ General Meetings ” or “ AEGM ”) of Natura &Co Holding S.A. (the “ Company ” or “ Natura &Co ”) was deemed held at the headquarters of the Company, located at Avenida Alexandre Colares, nº 1.188, sala A17, bloco A, Parque Anhanguera, CEP 05106-000, in the City of São Paulo, State of São Paulo.\n\nII. Call Notice: Call Notice published in the Valor Econômico newspaper, in its issues dated March 18, 21 and 22, 2022, on pages C3, A10 and A4, respectively, and its digital issues, on the same dates, as per article 124 of the Corporations Act.\n\nIII. Legal Publications: The Management Report and the Financial Statements of the Company, together with the Independent Auditors’ Report prepared by PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores Independentes, for the fiscal year ended on December 31, 2021 were all published on March 10, 2022 in the Valor Econômico newspaper, on pageA19 to A23, and its digital issue, respectively, and filed, together with the Audit, Risk Management and Finance Committee’s Summary Annual Report, at the headquarters of the Company and made available on the websites of the Company, of the Brazilian Securities and Exchange Commission, or CVM (the “ CVM ”), and of B3 S.A. – Brasil, Bolsa, Balcão (“ B3 ”).\n\nIV. Quorum : Holders of registered common shares without par value representing (i) 72.69% of the Company’s capital stock attended the Annual General Meeting; and (ii) 73,49% of the Company’s capital stock attended the Extraordinary General Meeting, as per the records in the Chorus Call electronic attendance system, in accordance with article 21-V, item III of ICVM 481, and the information contained in the analytical maps prepared by the bookkeeping agent and by the Company itself under article 21-W, items I and II of ICVM 481.\n\nV. Legal Attendance: Mr. Rodrigo Marcatti, representative of PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores Independentes; Mr. Itamar Gaino Filho, Chief Legal and Compliance Officer of the Company and Mr. Moacir Salzstein Corporate Governance Officer, were all present, in compliance with the provisions of article 134, paragraph 1 of the Corporations Act.\n\nVI. Presiding Board : Mr. Henrique da Silva Gordo Lang took the role of chairman of the proceedings and invited Mr. Itamar Gaino Filho and Mr. Moacir Salzstein to act as secretaries.\n\nVII. Agenda: To resolve on:\n\nAt the Annual General Meeting:\n\n(1) review the managers’ accounts, examine, discuss and vote on the management report and the financial statements, together with the independent auditors’ report, for the fiscal year ended on December 31, 2021;\n\n(2) examine, discuss and vote the capital budget proposal for the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2022;\n\n(3) examine, discuss and vote on the proposed allocation of the net profits for the fiscal year ended on December 31, 2021, and the distribution of dividends;\n\n(4) define the number of members for the Company’s Board of Directors;\n\n(5) resolve on the independence of the candidates for the positions of independent members of the Company's Board of Directors;\n\n(6) elect the members of the Company’s Board of Directors; and\n\n(7) define the global compensation of the Company’s managers, to be paid by the date of the annual general meeting at which the Company’s shareholders will vote on the financial statements for the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2022.\n\nAt the Extraordinary General Meeting:\n\n(1) resolve on the rectification and ratification of the global compensation of the Company’s managers relating to the period from May 2021 to April 2022, fixed at the Company’s Annual General Meeting held on April 16, 2021; and\n\n(2) resolve on the amendment to article 5 and the consolidation of the Company’s Bylaws, so as to reflect the amount of the capital stock confirmed at the Board of Directors’ Meeting held on March 18, 2022.\n\nVIII. Resolutions : Following the discussions of the matters in the Agenda, the following resolutions were passed and these minutes were authorized to be drawn up in summary form and to be published with omission of the signatures of shareholders, as permitted by article 130, paragraphs 1 and 2 of the Corporations Act. The reading of the consolidated synthetic map of remotely cast votes disclosed to the market on April 19, 2022 and made available to the shareholders for consultation was waived:\n\nAt the Annual General Meeting:\n\n(1) It was approved, by majority of votes casted, with the appropriate abstentions of those legally prevented from voting, having counted 589,336,265 votes in favor, 259,098 votes against and 407,941,080 abstentions, the managers’ accounts, as well as the management report and the financial statements of the Company, together with the independent auditors’ report, for the fiscal year ended on December 31, 2021;\n\n(2) It was approved, by majority of votes casted, with the appropriate abstentions of those legally prevented from voting, having counted 982.498.344 votes in favor, 12.484 votes against and 15.025.615 abstentions, the capital budget proposal for the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2022;\n\n(3) It was approved, by majority of votes casted, with the appropriate abstentions of those legally prevented from voting, having counted 983.860.421 votes in favor, 20.911 votes against and 13.655.111 abstentions, the proposed allocation of the net profits for the fiscal year ended on December 31, 2021, and the distribution of dividends, as follow:\n\nAllocation Value Legal Reserve - Profit retention based on capital budget (article 196 of the Corporations Law) BRL 733,571,935.00 Unrealized profit reserve (article 197 of the Corporations Law) BRL 133,615,870.00 Distribution of dividends for payment within the fiscal year of 2022 BRL 180,772,046.82 Total net profit BRL 1,047,959,722.00\n\n(4) It was approved, by majority of votes casted, with the appropriate abstentions of those legally prevented from voting, having counted 890.326.368 votes in favor, 85.208.222 votes against and 22.002.123 abstentions, the definition that the Board of Directors will be composed of 13 members;\n\n(5) It was approved, by majority of votes casted, with the appropriate abstentions of those legally prevented from voting, having counted 982.214.610 votes in favor, 271.560 votes against and 15.050.273 abstentions, the characterization of Carla Schmitzberger, Gilberto Mifano, Fábio Colletti Barbosa, Jessica Dilullo Herrin, Ian Martin Bickley, Nancy Killefer, W. Don Cornwell, Andrew George McMaster Jr and Georgia Melenikioto as candidates to the positions of independent members of the Board of Directors, as per article 17 of the Novo Mercado Rules of B3;\n\n(6) It was approved, by majority of votes casted, with the appropriate abstentions of those legally prevented from voting, having counted 924.717.825 votes in favor, 40.680.791 votes against and 32.137.827 abstentions, the reelection of the members indicated below to compose the Board of Directors, with a unified term of office of 2 (two) years, which will end on the date of the annual general meeting in which the Company's shareholders resolve on the financial statements for the fiscal year to be ended on December 31, 2023:\n\n(i) Antonio Luiz da Cunha Seabra, Brazilian citizen, married, economist, bearer of identity card (RG) No. 3.524.557-8 SSP/SP, enrolled in the CPF under No. 332.927.288-00, with business address in the City of São Paulo, State of São Paulo, at Rua Amauri, No. 255, 17º andar;\n\n(ii) Guilherme Peirão Leal, Brazilian citizen, married, business administrator, bearer of identity card (RG) No. 4.105.990-6 SSP/SP, enrolled in the CPF under No. 383.599.108-63, with business address in the City of São Paulo, State of São Paulo, at Rua Amauri, No. 255, 17º andar;\n\n(iii) Pedro Luiz Barreiros Passos, Brazilian citizen, married, engineer, bearer of identity card (RG) No. 4.700.753-3 SSP/SP, enrolled in the CPF under No. 672.924.618-91, with business address in the City of São Paulo, State of São Paulo, at Rua Amauri, No. 255, 9º andar;\n\n(iv) Roberto de Oliveira Marques, Brazilian citizen, married, business administrator, bearer of Brazilian passport No. YC375214, with business address at 148 Lafayette St., 5th floor, New York, NY, United States of America, 10013;\n\n(v) Carla Schmitzberger, Brazilian citizen, single, engineer, bearer of identity card (RG) No. 03.784.202-8, enrolled in the CPF under No. 667.280.967-87, with business address at Avenida Alexandre Colares, No. 1,188, sala A17, bloco A, Parque Anhanguera, CEP 05106-000, in the City of São Paulo, State of São Paulo, as Independent Board Member;\n\n(vi) Gilberto Mifano, naturalized Brazilian citizen, married, business administrator, bearer of identity card (RG) No. 3.722.086, enrolled in the CPF under No. 566.164.738-72, with business address in the City of São Paulo, State of São Paulo, at Rua Amauri, No. 255, 3º andar, Jardim Europa, as Independent Board Member;\n\n(vii) Fábio Colletti Barbosa, Brazilian citizen, married, business administrator, bearer of identity card (RG) No. 5.654.446/7, enrolled in the CPF under No. 771.733.258-20, with business address at Avenida Alexandre Colares, No. 1,188, sala A17, bloco A, Parque Anhanguera, CEP 05106-000, in the City of São Paulo, State of São Paulo, as Independent Board Member;\n\n(viii) Jessica DiLullo Herrin, U.S. citizen, economist, bearer of U.S. passport No. 557088851, with business address at 130 Bridge Road, Hillsborough, CA 94010, as Independent Board Member;\n\n(ix) Ian Martin Bickley, British citizen, economist, bearer of British passport No. 538953627, with address at 1 Westfield Road, Bedford, NY, 10506, as Independent Board Member;\n\n(x) Nancy Killefer, U.S. citizen, married, businesswoman, bearer of U.S. Passport No. 515398235, with business address at Avenida Alexandre Colares, No. 1,188, sala A17, bloco A, Parque Anhanguera, CEP 05106-000, in the City of São Paulo, State of São Paulo, as Independent Board Member;\n\n(xi) Wyllie Don Cornwell, U.S. citizen, married, businessman, bearer of U.S. Passport No. 56538454, with business address at Avenida Alexandre Colares, No. 1,188, sala A17, bloco A, Parque Anhanguera, CEP 05106-000, in the City of São Paulo, State of São Paulo, as Independent Board Member.\n\n(xii) Andrew George McMaster Jr., U.S. citizen, married, businessman, bearer of U.S. Passport No. 518145244, with business address at Avenida Alexandre Colares, No. 1,188, sala A17, bloco A, Parque Anhanguera, CEP 05106-000, in the City of São Paulo, State of São Paulo, as Independent Board Member;\n\n(xiii) Georgia Melenikiotou, Greek citizen, married, mechanical engineer, bearer of U.S. Passport No. AP2166738, with business address at Avenida Alexandre Colares, No. 1,188, sala A17, bloco A, Parque Anhanguera, CEP 05106-000, in the City of São Paulo, State of São Paulo.\n\nIt is recorded that the reelected directors informed the Company that they fulfill the eligibility prerequisites provided for in article 147 of the Corporations Act and in CVM Instruction No. 367, of May 29, 2002.\n\n(7) It was approved, by majority of votes casted, with the appropriate abstentions of those legally prevented from voting, having counted 791.201.095 votes in favor, 132.308.127 votes against and 74.027.221 abstentions, the establishment of the global compensation of the managers to be paid by the date of the annual general meeting in which the Company’s shareholders are to vote on the financial statements for the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2022, taking into account the period from May 2021 to April 2022, in the total amount of up to R$115.155.770,56 , including fixed and variable compensation and stock-based compensation.\n\n(8) In view of the request for the installation of the Fiscal Council by shareholders holding shares representing more than two per cent (2%) of the Company’s total capital, under CVM Rule No. 324, dated January 19, 2000, it was approved by the minority shareholders, in the separate election, with 398.786.494 votes in favor, the election of Cynthia May Hobbs Pinho, Brazilian, married, bachelor in engineering, bearer of Identity Card RG nº 283655070 SSP/SP, registered with CPF/ME under nº 955.227.007-34, resident and domiciled at Rua Dr. James Ferraz Alvim, nº 145, Vila Suzana, São Paulo, SP, as an effective member and, his respective alternate, Andrea Maria Ramos Leonel, Brazilian, divorced, bachelor in economics, bearer of Identity Card RG nº 084716873 SSP/SP, registered in the CPF/ME under nº 104.434.358-39, resident and domiciled at Rua Verbo Divino, nº 1061, Chácara Santo Antônio, CEP 04719-002, São Paulo, SP.\n\nIn the general election, was approved with 434.092.799 in favor, the election of the following effective members and their respective alternate members to compose the Company's Fiscal Council, namely: (i) Eduardo Rogatto Luque, Brazilian, married, accountant, bearer of Identity Card RG No. 17.841-962-X SSP/SP, registered with the CPF/ME under No. 142.773.658-84, resident and domiciled at Rua Dom José de Barros, nº 177, República, CEP 01038-100, São Paulo, SP, Brazil, as an effective member and, his respective alternate, Renato Chiodaro, Brazilian, married, lawyer, bearer of Identity Card RG nº 22.290.450-1- SSP/SP , registered with the CPF/ME under nº 256.611.098-06, business address at Avenida Brigadeiro Faria Lima, 2013, 11º andar, 11-A, CEP 01452-001, Jardim Paulistano, São Paulo, SP, Brazil; and (ii) Carlos Elder Maciel de Aquino, Brazilian, married, accountant, bearer of Identity Card RG No. 60.019.211-8, enrolled with the CRC-SP under No. 1SP184018/0-9 and enrolled with the CPF/ME under nº 226.993.094-00, resident and domiciled at Rua Coronel Lisboa, nº 395, Apto. 141-B, CEP 04020-040, Vila Mariana, São Paulo, SP, Brazil, as an effective member and, his respective alternate, Rodrigo Lopes da Luz, Brazilian, married, accountant, bearer of Identity Card RG No. 32.681.850- 9, registered with the CPF/ME under No. 275.091.128-18, resident and domiciled at Rod. Raposo Tavares, km 17, nº 7389, Cedro 141, Arpoador Garden, São Paulo, SP, Brazil.\n\nThe members of the Fiscal Council hereby elected will all have a term of office which shall end on the date of the annual general meeting in which the Company's shareholders vote on the financial statements for the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2022.\n\nIt was registered that the shareholders that appointed members to the Fiscal Council informed the Presiding Board that the respective fiscal council members (i) have the necessary qualification and fulfill the requirements established in articles 162 and 147 of the Corporations Law for the exercise of their position, and (ii) are in the position to sign the term of investiture with the statements regarding the fulfillment of such requirements and their ability to undertake their roles and assume responsibility for the positions pursuant to law.\n\n(8) Approved, by unanimity of the votes casted, being 502.848.880 favorable votes, zero votes against and 82.904.685 abstentions were counted, the determination of the overall remuneration of the members of the Fiscal Council hereby elected, respecting, for each member in office, ten percent (10%), on average, of the remuneration attributed to the Company's Officers, not counting benefits, representation fees and participation in profits, pursuant to paragraph 3 of article 162 of the Brazilian Corporation Law.\n\nAt the Extraordinary General Meeting:\n\n(1) It was approved, by majority of votes casted, with the appropriate abstentions of those legally prevented from voting, having counted 901.784.804 votes in favor, 72.990.656 votes against and 33.759.865 abstentions, the rectification and ratification of the global compensation of the managers of the Company for the period between May 2021 and April 2022, as established at the Annual General Meeting of the Company held on April 16, 2021, from an amount of R$104.585.615,40 to R$109.956.097,99, i.e. by a difference of R$5.370.482,59, to be incorporated into the annual compensation.\n\n(2) It was approved, by majority of votes casted, with the appropriate abstentions of those legally prevented from voting, having counted 995.056.858 votes in favor 52.926 votes against and 13.425.541 abstentions, the proposal to update the article 5 of the Bylaws in order to reflect that the amount of the capital stock went from BRL12,608,451,461.48, divided into 1,375,819,304 registered common shares, without par value to BRL 12.695.694.093,80 , divided into 1.379.737.055 nominative common shares, without par value, as a result of the exercise of the purchase or\n\nsubscription of options of common shares issued by the Company, by the managers and employees of the Company and its direct or indirect subsidiaries, in the current long-term incentive plans, as authorized by article 6, paragraph 2, of the Company's Bylaws. Thus, the said article is replaced by the following new wording:\n\n“Article 5 - The Company’s capital stock, fully subscribed and paid up, is R$12. 695.694.093,80, divided into 1.379.737.055 registered common shares without par value.”\n\nIX. Adjournment : There being nothing further to discuss, the Chairman thanked the presence of all attendants and ordered the adjournment of the general meetings after suspending the same so that these minutes could be drawn up, which, after being read, discussed and found to be in good order, were approved and signed by the Presiding Board. The list of Shareholders present is shown in Exhibit I . The Company recorded receipt of the manifestation of the shareholder Caixa de Previdência dos Funcionários do Banco do Brasil in relation to item 6 of the agenda, which was authenticated by the Board in accordance with the law and is included in the Exhibit I . In accordance with article 21-V, paragraphs 1 and 2 of ICVM 481, the shareholders whose remote voting bulletins were deemed valid by the Company and the shareholders who recorded their attendance on the Chorus Call electronic attendance system were deemed present at the meeting and signatories of the minutes. São Paulo, April 20, 2022.\n\nSão Paulo, SP, April 20, 2022.\n\n____________________________\n\nHenrique da Silva Gordo Lang\n\nChairman\n\n____________________________ Itamar Gaino Filho Secratary ____________________________ Moacir Salzstein Secratary\n\nNATURA &CO HOLDING S.A.\n\nCNPJ/ME No. 32.785.497/0001-97 Publicly-Held Company NIRE 35.300.531.582\n\nMinutes of the Annual and Extraordinary General Meetings\n\nHeld on April 20, 2022\n\nEXHIBIT I - LIST OF PRESENT SHAREHOLDERS\n\nShareholders present through the Chorus Call electronic system:\n\nANTONIO LUIZ DA CUNHA SEABRA; GUILHERME PEIRÃO LEAL; PEDRO LUIZ BARREIROS PASSOS; VINICIUS PINOTTI; FABRICIUS PINOTTI; NORMA REGINA PINOTTI; LUCIA HELENA RIOS SEABRA; PASSOS PARTICIPAÇÕES S.A.; MARIA HELI DALLA COLLETTA DE MATTOS; GUSTAVO DALLA COLLETTA DE MATTOS; FÁBIO DALLA COLLETTA DE MATTOS; FIA VEREDAS INVESTIMENTO NO EXTERIOR\n\nFIRST SENTIER I G UMBRELLA F PLC STEWART INVESTORS GLOBAL EMERGING MARKETS LEADERS SUSTAINABILITY F; FIRST SENTIER INVESTORS G U F PLC STEWART INVESTORS GLOBAL EMERGING MARKETS SUSTAINABILITY FUND; FIRST SENTIER INVESTORS GLOBA UMBRELLA F PLC STEWART INVESTORS WORLDWIDE LEADERS SUSTAINABILITY FUND; FIRST SENTIER INVESTORS GLOBAL UMBRELLA FUND PLC STEWART INVESTORS WORLDWIDE SUSTAINABILITY FUND\n\nIT NOW IBOVESPA FUNDO DE ÍNDICE; IT NOW IGCT FUNDO DE INDICE; IT NOW ISE FUNDO DE INDICE; IT NOW PIBB IBRX-50 FUNDO DE ÍNDICE; ITAU GOVERNANCA CORPORATIVA ACOES FI; ITAU INDEX ACOES IBRX FI; ITAÚ AÇÕES DIVIDENDOS FI; ITAÚ EXCELÊNCIA SOCIAL AÇÕES FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO; ITAÚ HEDGE MULTIMERCADO FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO; ITAÚ INDEX AÇÕES IBOVESPA FI; ITAÚ PREVIDÊNCIA IBRX FIA; LUBECK ACTIONS MONDE; AMUNDI FUNDS; AMUNDI INDEX SOLUTIONS; EDR FUND; WM IBOVESPA PLUS FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM AÇÕES; THE BANK OF NEW YORK ADR DEPARTMENT\n\nBB BNC ACOES NOSSA CAIXA NOSSO CLUBE DE INVESTIMENTO; BB TOP ACOES EXPORTACAO FIA; BB TOP ACOES INDICE DE SUST EMP FI EM ACOES; BRASILPREV TOP A FUNDO DE INV DE ACOES; BB TOP ACOES IBOVESPA INDEXADO FI; BB TOP ACOES SETORIAL CONSUMO FI; BB TOP ACOES IBOVESPA ATIVO FI; BB PREVIDENCIA ACOES IBRX FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO; BB CAP ACOES FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO; BB ACOES GOVERNANCA FI; BB TOP MULTIMERCADO ASG FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO LONGO PRAZO; BB TERRA DO SOL FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO MM CREDITO PRIVADO; BB CAP IBOVESPA INDEXADO FIA; BB ECO GOLD FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM ACOES; BB TOP ACOES SAUDE BEM ESTAR FI; BB AÇÕES EQUIDADE FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO; BB ETF IBOVESPA FUNDO DE ÍNDICE; BRASILPREV TOP ASG BRASIL FIA; BB TOP ACOES ASG BRASIL FIA\n\nCAIXA DE PREVIDÊNCIA DOS FUNCIONÁRIOS DO BANCO DO BRASIL – PREVI\n\nASCESE FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM AÇÕES; DYNAMO COUGAR MASTER - FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM AÇÕES; DYNAMO GLOBAL MASTER FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTOS EM AÇÕES; DYNAMO BRASIL I LLC; DYNAMO BRASIL III LLC;\n\nDYNAMO BRASIL V LLC; DYNAMO BRASIL VI LLC; DYNAMO BRASIL VIII LLC; DYNAMO BRASIL IX LLC; DYNAMO BRASIL XIV LLC; DYNAMO BRASIL XV LP\n\nCONSTELLATION QUALIFICADO MASTER FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO DE AÇÕES; CONSTELLATION RESERVA FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM AÇÕES; CONSTELLATION SULAMÉRICA PREV FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO MULTIMERCADO; CONSTELLATION 70 PREVIDÊNCIA FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO PREVIDÊNCIA MULTIMERCADO; CONSTELLATION 100 PREV FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO MULTIMERCADO FIFE; CONSTELLATION COMPOUNDERS ESG MASTER FIA; CONSTELLATION ICATU 70 PREV FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO MULTIMERCADO; CONSTELLATION INOVAÇÃO FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM AÇÕES BDR NIVEL I; CONSTELLATION MASTER FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO DE AÇÕES; CONSTELLATION BRADESCO 100 FIFE FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM AÇÕES; CONSTELLATION BP 100 PREV FIA FIFE; CONSTELLATION FAMILIA PREVIDENCIA FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM AÇÕES; CONSTELLATION CAMBARA FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM ACOES\n\nShareholders present by submission of a Remote Voting Ballot:\n\nFATOR SINERGIA FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM AÇÕES; FATOR NSE HIBISCO FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM AÇÕES; SQUADRA MASTER LONG-BIASED FIA; SQUADRA MASTER LONG-ONLY FIA; SQUADRA MASTER IVP FIA; FPRV SQA SANHAÇO FIA PREVIDENCIÁRIO; SQUADRA HORIZONTE FIA; FIA RVA EMB IV; GROUPER EQUITY LLC; SNAPPER EQUITY LLC; SV2 EQUITY LLC; SV3 EQUITY LLC; BTG PACTUAL MULTI AÇÕES FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO DE AÇÕES; BTG PACTUAL DIVIDENDOS MASTER FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO DE AÇÕES; BTG PACTUAL ABSOLUTO LS MASTER FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO MULTIMERCADO; BTG PACTUAL ABSOLUTO MASTER FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO DE AÇÕES; BTGP ABSOLUTO LS B PREV FIFE FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO MULTIMERCADO CRÉDITO PRIVADO; BTG PACTUAL ABSOLUTO LS MASTER FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO DE AÇÕES; BTG PACTUAL ABSOLUTO PREVIDÊNCIA FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO DE AÇÕES; BTG FAMÍLIA PREVIDÊNCIA FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM AÇÕES; BTG PACTUAL ABSOLUTO INSTITUCIONAL MASTER FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO DE AÇÕES; BURITIS FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM AÇÕES; BTGP B3 IBOVESPA F DE INDICE; BTG PACTUAL ABSOLUTO LS MASTER PREV FIM; FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO ELO AÇÕES INVESTIMENTO NO EXTERIOR; ELO CORPORATE FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM AÇÕES - INVESTIMENTO NO EXTERIOR SIRIUS III MULTIMERCADO FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO CRÉDITO PRIVADO INVESTIMENTO NO EXTERIOR; KAIRÓS FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM AÇÕES - INVESTIMENTO NO EXTERIOR; RM FUTURA MULTIMERCADO FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO CRÉDITO PRIVADO INVESTIMENTO NO EXTERIOR; FCOPEL FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM AÇÃO; FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO MULTIMERCADO SANTA CRISTINA INVESTIMENTO NO EXTERIOR CRÉDITO PRIVADO; GERDAU PREVIDÊNCIA FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM AÇÕES 04; JGP BRADESCO PREVIDÊNCIA FIFE MASTER FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO MULTIMERCADO; JGP BRASILPREV FIFE MULTIMERCADO PREVIDENCIÁRIO FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO; JGP COMPOUNDERS MASTER FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM AÇÕES INVESTIMENTO NO EXTERIOR; JGP EQUITY MASTER FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM AÇÕES; JGP EQUITY MASTER FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO MULTIMERCADO; JGP ESG INSTITUCIONAL MASTER FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM AÇÕES; JGP ESG MASTER FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM AÇÕES; JGP ESG PREVIDENCIÁRIO MASTER FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM AÇÕES; JGP ESG PREVIDENCIÁRIO XP MASTER FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM AÇÕES;\n\nJGP HEDGE MASTER FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO MULTIMERCADO; JGP LONG ONLY INSTITUCIONAL FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM AÇÕES; JGP LONG ONLY MASTER FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM AÇÕES; JGP MAX MASTER FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO MULTIMERCADO; JGP MULTIMERCADO PREVIDENCIÁRIO 1 FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO; JGP MULTIMERCADO PREVIDENCIÁRIO ADVISORY XP SEGUROS FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO; JGP MULTIMERCADO PREVIDENCIÁRIO ICATU FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO; JGP MULTIMERCADO PREVIDENCIÁRIO ITAÚ MASTER FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO; JGP PREVIDENCIÁRIO ITAÚ MASTER FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM AÇÕES; JGP STRATEGY MASTER FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO MULTIMERCADO; JGP SULAMERICA MASTER PREVIDENCIÁRIO FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO MULTIMERCADO CRÉDITO PRIVADO; FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM AÇÕES WPA GLOBAL INVESTIMENTO NO EXTERIOR; FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM AÇÕES WPA I INVESTIMENTO NO EXTERIOR; SANTA FE AQUARIUS FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO MULTIMERCADO; SANTA FE SCORPIUS FIA; BRADESCO FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM ACOES SALUBRE; BRADESCO FIA INSTITUCIONAL IBRX ATIVO; BRADESCO FF ÍNDICE ATIVO FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM AÇÕES; FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM AÇÕES SABESPREV SMALL CAPS PLUS; BRADESCO TIGER FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM AÇOES; BRAM H FIA INSTITUCIONAL; BRADESEG PARTICIPACOES S/A; BRADESCO FIA IBOVESPA PLUS; BRADESCO PRIVATE FIA IBOVESPA ATIVO; BRADESCO FUNDO MUTUO DE PRIVATIZACAO FGTS CL; BRADESCO MULTIPORTFOLIO FMP - FGTS CL; BRAM FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM ACOES IBOVESPA; BRAM FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM ACOES; BRAM FIA IBOVESPA ATIVO; BRADESCO FIA SMALL CAP PLUS; BRADESCO FIA MASTER PREVIDENCIA; BRADESCO FIA SUSTENTABILIDADE EMPRESARIAL; BRAM FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM ACOES IBRX-50; BRADESCO FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM ACOES ZINCO; BRADESCO FIM FUNDACAO AMAZONAS SUSTENTAVEL – FAZ; BRAM FIA IBRX ATIVO; BRADESCO FIA IBRX MULTIPATROCINADO; BRADESCO H FIA SRI; BRAM H FI EM ACOES PASSIVO IBRX; BRAM H FI EM ACOES IBOVESPA GESTAO; BRADESCO FIA MASTER IBOVESPA; ETF BRADESCO IBOVESPA FUNDO DE INDICE; BRAM FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM ACOES CRESCIMENTO; BRADESCO FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM ACOES MASTER PREVIDENCIA IBOVESPA ATIVO; AGORA TOP GREEN INDEX FIA; FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM ACOES MASTER PREVIDENCIA ESG; BRADESCO H FI EM ACOES IBOVESPA; BRAM ALOCAÇÃO SISTEMÁTICA FIA BRASIL; BRADESCO VIDA E PREVIDENCIA SA; FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM ACOES IBOVESPA 157; BRAM FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM AÇÕES SUSTENTABILIDADE EMPRESA; BRADESCO AUTO/RE COMPANHIA DE SEGUROS; BRADESCO SAUDE S/A; ABSOLUTO PARTNERS INSTITUCIONAL MASTER FIA; ABSOLUTO PARTNERS MASTER FIA; AP LS MASTER FIA; ABSOLUTO PARTNERS INSTITUCIONAL 2 MASTER FIA; CALIFORNIA PUBLIC EMPLOYEES RETIREMENT SYSTEM; LEGAL AND GENERAL ASSURANCE PENSIONS MNG LTD; BLACKROCK INSTITUTIONAL TRUST COMPANY NA; CITY OF LOS ANGELES FIRE AND POLICE PENSION PLAN; BT PENSION SCHEME; CIBC EMERGING MARKETS INDEX FUND; COLONIAL FIRST ST WHOLESALE GL EM MARK FUND; COLONIAL FIRST STATE WH INTERNAT SHARE FUND; DIMENSIONAL EMERGING MKTS VALUE FUND; EMPLOYEESRET YSTEM OF THE STATE OF HAWAII; IBM 401 (K) PLUS PLAN; NN (L); INVESTERINGS FORENINGEN DANSKE INVEST; IRISH LIFE ASSURANCE PLC; LELAND STANFORD JUNIOR UNIVERSITY; MANAGED PENSION FUNDS LIMITED; BLACKROCK GLOBAL FUNDS; NORGES BANK; ONTARIO TEACHERS PENSION PLAN BOARD; PUBLIC EMPLOYEES RETIREMENT SYSTEM OF OHIO; PUBLIC EMPLOYEES RETIREMENT ASSOCIATION OF NEW MEX; PUBLIC EMPLOYES RET SYSTEM OF MISSISSIPPI; SOUTHERN CAL ED C N F Q C DC MT S ON P VD N G;\n\nSTATE ST GL ADV TRUST COMPANY INV FF TAX EX RET PLANS; STICHTING PHILIPS PENSIOENFONDS; PARAMETRIC TAX-MANAGED EMERGING MARKETS FUND; TEACHER RETIREMENT SYSTEM OF TEXAS; CONSULTING GROUP CAPITAL MKTS FUNDS EMER MARKETS EQUITY FUND; THE EMERGING M.S. OF THE DFA I.T.CO.; THE MONETARY AUTHORITY OF SINGAPORE; VANGUARD INVESTMENT SERIES PLC; STATE OF NEW JERSEY COMMON PENSION FUND D; AEGON CUSTODY BV; SSGA MSCI BRAZIL INDEX NON-LENDING QP COMMON TRUST FUND; CAISSE DE DEPOT ET PLACEMENT DU QUEBEC; STATE STREET VARIABLE INSURANCE SERIES FUNDS, INC; BLAKROCK GLOBAL ALLOCATION FUND INC; PANAGORA GROUP TRUST; ABERDEEN INV FUNDS ICVC III - ABERDEEN GLOBAL EMERG M Q E FD; IN BK FOR REC AND DEV,AS TR FT ST RET PLAN AND TR/RSBP AN TR; STATE OF ALASKA RETIREMENT AND BENEFITS PLANS; STATE OF MINNESOTA STATE EMPLOYEES RET PLAN; CALIFORNIA STATE TEACHERS RETIREMENT SYSTEM; VKF INVESTMENTS LTD; WASHINGTON STATE INVESTMENT BOARD; FIDELITY INVESTMENTS MONEY MANAGEMENT INC; RUSSELL INVESTMENT COMPANY PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY; LOS ANGELES COUNTY EMPLOYEES RET ASSOCIATION; BLACKROCK GL ALLOCATION PORTFOLIO OF BLACKROCK SER FD, INC; BLACKROCK GLOBAL ALLOC V.I. FD OF BLACKROCK VAR SER FDS, INC; NEW ZEALAND SUPERANNUATION FUND; STICHTING PENSIOENFONDS VAN DE ABN AMRO BK NV; FORD MOTOR CO DEFINED BENEF MASTER TRUST; FORD MOTOR COMPANY OF CANADA, L PENSION TRUST; INTERNATIONAL MONETARY FUND; MUNICIPAL E ANNUITY A B FUND OF CHICAGO; BP PENSION FUND; THE BOARD OF.A.C.E.R.S.LOS ANGELES,CALIFORNIA; FIRST SENTIER INVESTORS ICVC - S. I. W. L. S. F.; FIRST SENTIER INVESTORS ICVC -S. I. G. E. M. L. F.; HOSPITAL AUTHRORITY PROVIDENT FUND SCHEME; UTAH STATE RETIREMENT SYSTEMS; SUPERANNUATION FUNDS MANAGEMENT CORPORATION OF S AUSTRALIA; BOARD OF PENSIONS OF THE EVANGELICAL LUTHERAN CHURCH IN AMER; JOHN HANCOCK VARIABLE INS TRUST INTERN EQUITY INDEX TRUST; NTGI QUANTITATIVE MANAGEMENT COLLEC FUNDS TRUST; THE REGENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA; EMER MKTS CORE EQ PORT DFA INVEST DIMENS GROU; ALASKA PERMANENT FUND; CITY OF NEW YORK GROUP TRUST; ESSEX COUNTY COUNCIL; BLACKROCK LIFE LIMITED - DC OVERSEAS EQUITY FUND; BLACKROCK GLOBAL FUNDS-GLOBAL ALLOCATION FUND; THE SEVENTH SWEDISH NATIONAL PENSION FUND - AP7 EQUITY FUND; ISHARES PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY; BLACKROCK GLOBAL ALLOCATION FUND (AUST); NTGI QM COMMON DAILY ALL COUNT WORLD EXUS EQU INDEX FD LEND; STEWART I.G.E.M.S.LEADERS FUND (DST); NORTHERN EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY INDEX FUND; KAISER FOUNDATION HOSPITALS; THE NOMURA T AND B CO LTD RE I E S INDEX MSCI E NO HED M FUN; PARAMETRIC EMERGING MARKETS FUND; CHEVRON UK PENSION PLAN; ALASKA COMMON TRUST FUND; ISHARES MSCI BRAZIL ETF; ISHARES LATIN AMERICA 40 ETF; ISHARES II PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY; CHANG HWA COM BK LTD IN ITS CAP AS M CUST OF PLAT A EQ FD; SUNSUPER SUPERANNUATION FUND; SPDR MSCI ACWI EX-US ETF; SPDR SP EMERGING MARKETS ETF; CUSTODY BANK OF JAPAN, LTD. RE: RTB DWS B. E. P. M.; NEW YORK STATE TEACHERS RETIREMENT SYSTEM; THE TEXAS EDUCATION AGENCY; COUNTY EMPLOYEES ANNUITY AND BENEFIT FD OF THE COOK COUNTY; AEGON CUSTODY AS DEP FOR STICHTING MM MERGING MARKETS FUND; JOHN HANCOCK FUNDS II EMERGING MARKETS FUND; JOHN HANCOCK VARIABLE INS TRUST EMERGING MARKETS VALUE RUST; GOVERNMENT OF SINGAPORE; CANADA PENSION PLAN INVESTMENT BOARD; FUTURE FUND BOARD OF GUARDIANS; NATIONAL COUNCIL FOR SOCIAL SECURITY FUND; IVESCO FTSE RAFI EMERGING MARKETS ETF; CONSOLIDATED EDISON RETIREMENT PLAN;\n\nNORTHERN TRUST INVESTIMENT FUNDS PLC; BRITISH COLUMBIA INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT CORPORATION; ISHARES MSCI BRIC ETF; PEOPLE S BANK OF CHINA; PUBLIC SECTOR PENSION INVESTMENT BOARD; COLLEGE RETIREMENT EQUITIES FUND; EATON VANCE COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT TFE BEN PLANS EM MQ EQU FD; CUSTODY B. OF J. LTD. RE: STB D. B. S. M. F.; EATON VANCE INT (IR) F PLC-EATON V INT (IR) PAR EM MKT FUND; THRIVENT INTERNATIONAL ALLOCATION FUND; STICHTING PENSIOENFONDS UWV; EASTSPRING INVESTMENTS; LEGAL & GENERAL INTERNATIONAL INDEX TRUST; THRIVENT INTERNATIONAL ALLOCATION PORTFOLIO; VANGUARD TOTAL WORLD STOCK INDEX FUND, A SERIES OF; THE BANK OF NEW YORK MELLON EMP BEN COLLECTIVE INVEST FD PLA; ISHARES III PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY; NTGI-QM COMMON DAC WORLD EX-US INVESTABLE MIF - LENDING; AMERICAN HEART ASSOCIATION, INC.; PICTET - EMERGING MARKETS INDEX; DANSKE INVEST SICAV; CUSTODY BANK OF JAPAN, LTD. RE: EMERG EQUITY PASSIVE MOTHR F; COLONIAL FIRST STATE GLOBAL ASSET MANAGEMENT EQUITY TRUST 3; FIDELITY INVEST TRUST: FIDELITY SERIES EMERG MARK OPPORT FUN; FEDERATED HERMES I.F. P. L. C. ON B. OF F. H. G. E. M. E. F.; BELLSOUTH CORPORATION RFA VEBA TRUST; FIAM GROUP TRUST FOR EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS; HC CAPITAL TRUST THE EMERGING MARKETS PORTFOLIO; CENTRAL PROVIDENT FUND BOARD; FIDELITY SELECT EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY INSTITUTIONAL TRUST; PICTET CH INSTITUCIONAL-EMERGING MARKETS TRACKER; FIRST ST INVEST ICVC - STEWART INVEST GL EMER MK SUST FUND; FIRST SENTIER INVESTORS ICVC -S. I. L. A. F.; PACIFIC SELECT FUND - PD EMERGING MARKETS PORTFOLIO; STICHTING PGGM DEPOSITARY; ARIZONA PSPRS TRUST; KAISER PERMANENTE GROUP TRUST; FIDELITY SALEM STREET TRUST: FIDELITY SERIES G EX US I FD; SCHWAB EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY ETF; ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF; THE BANK OF N. Y. M. (INT) LTD AS T. OF I. E. M. E. I. F. UK; INVESCO MARKETS III PLC - INV FTSE RI EMERGING MARK U ETF; MASSMUTUAL SELECT BLACKROCK GLOBAL ALLOCATION FUND; GREEN EFFECTS INVESTMENT PLC1; UPS GROUP TRUST; COMMONWEALTH EMERGING MARKETS FUND 5; FIRST TRUST BICK INDEX FUND; CHANG HWA CO BANK, LTD IN ITS C AS M CUST OF N B FUND; QSUPER; BMO MSCI EMERGING MARKETS INDEX ETF; NTGI-QM COMMON DAILY EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY I F- NON L; TIAA-CREF FUNDS - TIAA-CREF EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY I F; LEGALGENERAL GLOBAL EMERGING MARKETS INDEX FUND; CUSTODY B. OF J. LTD. RE: STB D. E. E. F. I. M. F.; CLARITAS LONG SHORT MASTER FUNDO INVESTIMENTO MULTIMERCADO; STK LONG BIASED MASTER FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM ACOES; BNYM MELLON CF SL EMERGING MARKETS STOCK INDEX FUND; OLD MUTUAL LIFE ASSURANCE COMPANY (SOUTH AFRICA) LTD; SSGA MSCI ACWI EX-USA INDEX NON-LENDING DAILY TRUST; DELA DEPOSITARYASSET MANAGEMENT B.V.; SELECT EQUITIES; QIC INTERNATIONAL EQUITIES FUND; FIRST TRUST BRAZIL ALPHADEX FUND; SSGA SPDR ETFS EUROPE I PLC; STICHTING PENSIOENFONDS ING; EUROPEAN CENTRAL BANK; EATON VANCE TR CO CO TR FD - PA STR EM MKTS EQ COM TR FD; VERDIPAPIRFONDET KLP AKSJE FREMVOKSENDE MARKEDER INDEKS I; TOTAL INTERNATIONAL EX U.S. I MASTER PORT OF MASTER INV PORT; ISHARES MSCI ACWI EX U.S. ETF; ISHARES MSCI ACWI ETF; GLOBAL EMERGING MARKETS BALANCE PORTFOLIO; NAT WEST BK PLC AS TR OF ST JAMES PL GL EQUITY UNIT TRUST; JNL/BLACKROCK GLOBAL ALLOCATION FUND; FIDELITY SALEM STREET T: FIDELITY E M INDEX FUND; FIDELITY SALEM STREET T: FIDELITY G EX U.S INDEX FUND; ISHARES V PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY; FIDELITY INVESTMET TRUST: FIDELITY EMERGING MARKETS DISCOVER; FIDELITY INVESTMENT TRUST: FIDELITY TOTAL EMERGING MARKETS F;\n\nDWS ADVISORS EMERGING MARKETS EQUITIES-PASSIVE; NN (L) FIRST CLASS MULTI ASSET; ISHARES EMERGING MARKETS FUNDAMENTAL INDEX ETF; VOYA EMERGING MARKETS INDEX PORTFOLIO; VANGUARD FUNDS PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY; FIDELITY EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY MULTI-ASSET BASE FUND; THE MASTER TRUST BANK OF JAPAN, LTD. AS T F MTBJ400045832; THE MASTER TRUST BANK OF JAPAN, LTD. AS T. FOR MTBJ400045835; MERCER QIF FUND PLC; JEFFREY LLC; ONEPATH GLOBAL EMERGING MARKETS SHARES(UNHEDGED) INDEX POOL; ASCENSION ALPHA FUND, LLC; SQUADRA TEXAS LLC; COMMONWEALTH SUPERANNUATION CORPORATION; HAND COMPOSITE EMPLOYEE BENEFIT TRUST; DOW RETIREMENT GROUP TRUST; FIDELITY RUTLAND SQUARE TRUST II: STRATEGIC A E M FUND; FLEXSHARES MORNINGSTAR EMERGING MARKETS FACTOR TILT INDEX F; ISHARES CORE MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ETF; ISHARES CORE MSCI TOTAL INTERNATIONAL STOCK ETF; BLACKROCK GLOBAL INDEX FUNDS; FIAM SELECT EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY FUND, LP; FIRST ST INVEST ICVC - STEWART INVEST WORD SUSTAINABILI FUND; CALVERT WORLD VALUES FUNDS, INC. - CALVERT E M E FUND; STK LONG ONLY FIA; EVTC CIT FOF EBP-EVTC PARAMETRIC SEM CORE EQUITY FUND TR; COLONIAL FIRST STATE GLOBAL ASSET MANAGEMENT EQUITY TRUST 10; PANAGORA DIVERSIFIED RISK MULTI-ASSET FUND, LTD; EQ/EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY PLUS PORTFOLIO; SCOTTISH WIDOWS INVESTMENT SOLUTIONS FUNDS ICVC- FUNDAMENTAL; KAPITALFORENINGEN LAEGERNES PENSIONSINVESTERING, LPI AEM III; EATON VANCE MANAGEMENT; GENERAL PENSION AND SOCIAL SECURITY AUTHORITY; CONNECTICUT GENERAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY; EXELON GENERATION COMP, LLC TAX QUALIFIED NUCLEAR DECOMM PAR; QS INVESTORS DBI GLOBAL EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY FUND LP; CLINTON NUCLEAR POWER PLANT QUALIFIED FUND; THREE MILE ISLAND UNIT ONE QUALIFIED FUND; STATE STREET IRELAND UNIT TRUST; GLOBAL MACRO CAPITAL OPPORTUNITIES PORTFOLIO; SPDR SP EMERGING MARKETS FUND; DEUTSCHE X-TRACKERS MSCI ALL WORLD EX US HEDGED EQUITY ETF; XTRACKERS (IE) PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY; PACIFIC GAS A EL COMP NU F Q CPUC DEC MASTER TRUST; XTRACKERS; THE MASTER TRUST BANK OF JAPAN, LTD. AS T OF MUTB400021492; FIDELITY INVESTMENT FUNDS FIDELITY INDEX EMERG MARKETS FUND; THE MASTER TRUST BANK OF JAPAN, LTD. AS TR FOR MUTB400045792; NN PARAPLUFONDS 1 N.V; NORTHERN TRUST COLLECTIVE ALL COUNTRY WORLD I (ACWI) E-U F-L; NORTHERN TRUST COLLECTIVE EMERGING MARKETS INDEX FUND-LEND; THE MASTER TRUST BANK OF JAPAN, LTD. TRUSTEE MUTB400045794; ST STR MSCI ACWI EX USA IMI SCREENED NON-LENDING COMM TR FD; SPDR MSCI EMERGING MARKETS STRATEGICFACTORS ETF; THE MASTER TRUST BANK OF JAP, LTD. AS TR. FOR MTBJ400045828; THE MASTER TRUST BANK OF JAP., LTD. AS TR. FOR MTBJ400045829; KAPITALFORENINGEN INVESTIN PRO, GLOBAL EQUITIES I; THE MASTER TRUST BANK OF JAPAN, LTD. AS TRUSTEE FOR MUTB4000; ORI CAPITAL I FIA; NAT WEST BK PLC AS TR OF ST JAMES PL ST MANAGED UNIT TRUST; BLACKROCK A. M. S. AG ON B. OF I. E. M. E. I. F. (CH); STATE STREET GLOBAL ALL CAP EQUITY EX-US INDEX PORTFOLIO; WM POOL - EQUITIES TRUST NO 74; GENERAL ORGANISATION FOR SOCIAL INSURANCE; LEGALGENERAL GLOBAL EQUITY INDEX FUND; MOBIUS LIFE LIMITED; INTERNATIONAL EXPATRIATE BENEFIT MASTER TRUST; WISDOMTREE ISSUER ICAV; WISDOMTREE EMERGING MARKETS EX-STATE-OWNED ENTERPRISES FUND; SPDR MSCI ACWI LOW CARBON TARGET ETF; ISHARES MSCI ACWI LOW CARBON TARGET ETF; CMLA INTERNATIONAL SHARE FUND 3; MORGAN STANLEY INVESTMENT FUNDS GLOBAL BALANCED INCOME FUND; AQR FUNDS - AQR TM EMERGING MULTI-STYLE FUND; SYNERGIE;\n\nPOOL REINSURANCE COMPANY LIMITED; LEGALGENERAL COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT TRUST; GOLDMAN SACHS ETF TRUST - GOLDMAN S ACTIVEBETA E M E ETF; INVESTERINGSFORENINGEN D. I. I. G. AC R. - A. KL; INVESTERINGSFORENINGEN D. I. I. G. E. M. R. - A. L; INVESTERINGSFORENINGEN NYKREDIT INVEST ENGROS, GLOBAL DIVERS; STATE STREET GLOBAL ADVISORS LUX SICAV - S S G E M I E FUND; STATE STREET EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY INDEX FUND; COLUMBIA EM CORE EX-CHINA ETF; THE MASTER TRUST BANK OF JAPAN, LTD. AS T OF MUTB400021536; THORNBURG BETTER WORLD INTERNATIONAL FUND; THE BOARD OF THE PENSION PROTECTION FUND; GUIDEMARK EMERGING MARKETS FUND; WM POOL - EQUITIES TRUST NO. 75; NORTHERN TRUST UCITS FGR FUND; FIDELITY SALEM STREET TRUST: FIDELITY SAI EMERGING M I FUND; STEWART INVESTORS WORLDWIDE SUSTAINABILITY FUND (DST); GAM STAR FUND PLC; STATE STREET ICAV; SPDR MSCI EMERGING MARKETS FOSSIL FUEL FREE ETF; ISHARES ESG MSCI EM ETF; FIDELITY SALEM STREET T: FIDELITY TOTALINTE INDEX FUND; PANAGORA RISK PARITY MULTI ASSET MASTER FUND, LTD; MACKENZIE MAXIMUM DIVERSIFICATION EMERGING MARKETS INDEX ETF; ISHARES IV PUBLIC LIMITED COMPANY; DWS I. GMBH FOR DEAM-FONDS KG-PENSIONEN; THE MASTER TR BANK OF JAPAN AS TR FOR HSBC BRAZIL MOTHER FD; CUSTODY BANK OF JAPAN, LTD. AS TR F HSBC BRAZIL NEW MO FUND; WM POOL - EQUITIES TRUST NO. 76; LEGAL & GENERAL ICAV; SEDCO CAPITAL GLOBAL FUNDS - SC GLOBAL EMERGING MARKET EQUIT; VANGUARD INV FUNDS ICVC-VANGUARD FTSE GLOBAL ALL CAP INDEX F; MINISTRY OF ECONOMY AND FINANCE; JOHN HANCOCK FUNDS II INTERNATIONAL STRATEGIC EQUITY ALLOCAT; INVESTORS WHOLESALE EMERGING MARKETS EQUITIES TRUST; CITITRUST LTD A T VANGUARD FDS SERIES VANGUARD INCOME FUND; CITITRUST LTD A T VANG FDS S - VANGUARD MODERATE GROWTH FUND; FIDELITY SELECT GLOBAL PLUS ALL CAP EQUITY INSTITUTIONAL TRU; CITITRUST LIM AS TR OF BLACK PREMIER FDS- ISH WOR EQU IND FD; FIDELITY SALEM STREET TRUST: FIDELITY FLEX INTERNATIONAL IND; FIDELITY SALEM STREET TRUST: FIDELITY INTERNATIONAL SUSTAINA; MORGAN STANLEY INVESTMENT FUNDS GLOBAL BALANCED DEFENSIVE FU; MORGAN STANLEY INVESTMENT FUNDS GLOBAL BALANCED FUND; THE COMMONWEALTH FUND; ISHARES MSCI EMERGING MARKETS EX CHINA ETF; EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY SELECT ETF; SPARTAN GROUP TRUST FOR EMPLYEE BENEFIT PLANS: SPARTAN EMERG; BLACKROCK CDN MSCI EMERGING MARKETS INDEX FUND; BLACKROCK GLOBAL ALLOCATION COLLECTIVE FUND; EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY INDEX MASTER FUND; EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY INDEX ESG SCREENED FUND B; EMERGING MARKETS INDEX NON-LENDABLE FUND; EMERGING MARKETS INDEX NON-LENDABLE FUND B; GLOBAL ALPHA TILTS ESG NON-LENDABLE FUND B; NEW SOUTH WALLES TR CORP AS TR FOR THE TC EMER MKT SHAR FUND; RUSSELL INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT LTD AS TRUSTEE OF THE RUSSELL; INVESCO PUREBETASM FTSE EMERGING MARKETS ETF; FRANKLIN LIBERTYSHARES ICAV; THE MASTER TRUST BANK OF JAPAN, LTD. AS TRU FO MTBJ400045849; ORI CAPITAL II MASTER FIA; FRANKLIN TEMPLETON ETF TRUST - FRANKLIN FTSE BRAZI; METZLER ASSET MANAGEMENT GMBH FOR MI - FONDS 415; VANGUARD EMERGING MARKETS STOCK INDEX FUND; ABU DHABI RETIREMENT PENSIONS AND BENEFITS FUND; COLONIAL FIRST STATE INVESTMENT FUND 50; VARIABLE INSURANCE PRODUCTS FUND II: INTERNATIONAL; DEUTSCHE ASSET MANAGEMENT S.A. FOR ARERO - DER WEL; MSCI EQUITY INDEX FUND B - BRAZIL; SCRI-ROBECO QI CUST EMERG MARKETS ENHANCED INDEX EQUIT FUND; SUNAMERICA SERIES TRUST SA EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY; MSCI ACWI EX-U.S. IMI INDEX FUND B2; LAERERNES PENSION FORSIKRINGSAKTIESELSKAB;\n\nFIAM GROUP TRUST FOR EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS: FIAM; FIDELITY CONCORD STREET TRUST: FIDELITY ZERO INT. INDEX FUND; INVESCO STRATEGIC EMERGING MARKETS ETF; VANGUARD ESG INTERNATIONAL; FIDELITY INVESTMENT TRUST: FIDELITY SERIES EMERGIN; WEST YORKSHIRE PENSION FUND; FEDERATED HERMES I. F. PLC - FEDERATED H. G. E. M. S. E. F.; TORK MASTER FIA; ISHARES (DE) I INVESTMENTAKTIENGESELLSCHAFT MIT TG; TORK LONG ONLY INSTITUCIONAL MASTER FIA; FRANKLIN TEMPLETON ETF TRUST - FRANKLIN FTSE LATIN; XTRACKERS MSCI ACWI EX USA ESG LEADERS EQUITY ETF; ROBECO CAPITAL GROWTH FUNDS; LVIP SSGA EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY INDEX FUND; BLACKROCK MSCI ACWI ESG FOCUS INDEX FUND; FIDELITY RUTLAND SQUARE TRUST II: STRATEGIC ADVISE; XTRACKERS MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ESG LEADERS EQUITY; AVIVA I INVESTMENT FUNDS ICVC - AVIVA I INTERNATIONAL I T F; DESJARDINS RI GLOBAL MULTIFACTOR - FOSSIL FUEL RES; VANGUARD FIDUCIARY TRT COMPANY INSTIT T INTL STK MKT INDEX T; STICHTING PENSIOENFONDS RAIL AND OPENBAAR VERVOER; PINEHURST PARTNERS, L.P.; PHILADELPHIA GAS WORKS PENSION PLAN; FIDEICOMISO FAE; PENSIOENFONDS WERK EN (RE)INTERGRATIE; LVIP BLACKROCK GLOBAL ALLOCATION FUND; MERCER UCITS COMMON CONTRACTUAL FUND; ABERDEEN INVESTMENT FUNDS UK ICVC II - ABERDEEN EM; FIDELITY EMERGING MARKETS OPPORTUNITIES INSTITUTIO; DWS INVEST ESG GLOBAL EMERGING MARKETS EQUITIES; RBC QUANT EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY LEADERS ETF; TORK PREV FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM ACOES FIFE; PENSIONDANMARK PENSIONSFORSIKRINGSAKTIESELSKAB; MERCER PRIVATE WEALTH INTERNATIONAL FOCUSED EQUITY POOL; AMERICAN CENTURY ETF TRUST - AVANTIS EMERGING MARK; GOLDMAN SACHS ETF TRUST - GOLDMAN SACHS EMERGING M; SPARTAN GROUP TRUST FOR EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS: SP; CALVERT EMERGING MARKETS ADVANCEMENT FUND; GOLDMAN SACHS ETF ICAV ACTING SOLELY ON BEHALF OF; THRIVENT CORE EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY FUND; AMERICAN CENTURY ETF TRUST - AVANTIS EMERGING MARK; ASSET MANAGEMENT EXCHANGE UCITS CCF; VANGUARD F. T. C. INST. TOTAL INTL STOCK M. INDEX TRUST II; ISHARES ESG MSCI EM LEADERS ETF; 1895 FONDS FGR; TORK LONG ONLY MASTER FUNDO DE INVESTIMENTO EM ACOES; KAPITALFORENINGEN EMD INVEST, EMERGING MARKETS IND; MORGAN STANLEY INVEST. FUNDS G. BALANCED SUSTAINABLE FUND; COMGEST GROWTH PLC - COMGEST GROWTH LATIN AMERICA; LEGALGENERAL CCF; VANGUARD INVESTMENT SERIES PLC / VANGUARD ESG EMER; STICHTING PENSIOENFONDS PGB; KAPITALFORENINGEN PENSAM INVEST, PSI 3 GLOBALE AKTIER 3; ISHARES ESG ADVANCED MSCI EM ETF; BLACKROCK ADVANTAGE ESG EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY FUND OF BLAC; ARERO - DER WELTFONDS -NACHHALTIG; PINNACLE ICAV - AIKYA GLOBAL EMERGING FUND- UCITS; DIMENSIONAL EMERGING CORE EQUITY MARKET ETF OF DIM; JOHN HANCOCK TRUST COMPANY COLLECTIVE INVESTMENT T; NATIONAL EMPLOYMENT SAVINGS TRUST; EMLES LUXURY GOODS ETF; RUSSELL INVESTMENTS SUSTAINABLE GLOBAL SHARES EX F; DESJARDINS RI EMERGING MARKETS - LOW CO2 INDEX ETF; APO CAPITAL LATAM FUND LLC; FEDERATED HERMES INVESTMENT FUNDS PLC ON BEHALF OF; CAPE ANN SUSTAINABILITY FUND; CUSTODY BANK OF JAPAN, LTD. AS TRUSTEE FOR AMONE M; IMCO EMERGING MARKETS PUBLIC EQUITY LP; FREEDOM 100 EMERGING MARKETS ETF; COLONIAL FIRST STATE INVESTMENT FUND 3; DYNAMIC EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY FUND; SCOTTISH WIDOWS MANAGED INVESTMENT FUNDS ICVC -INT; MINEWORKERSPENSION SCHEME; VANGUARD FUNDS PLC / VANGUARD ESG GLOBAL ALL CAP U; HSBC BANK PLC AS TRUSTEE OF STATE STREET AUT EMERG;\n\nBRITISH COAL STAFF SUPERANNUATION SCHEME; QIC LISTED EQUITIES FUND; JNL EMERGING MARKETS INDEX FUND; WISDOMTREE EMERGING MARKETS EFFICIENT CORE FUND; INVESCO MSCI EMERGING MARKETS ESG UNIVERSAL SCREEN; FI CE I PO LLC FIDELITY EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY CENTRAL FUND; CIBC EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY INDEX ETF; NEW AIRWAYS PENSION SCHEME; LGIASUPER TRUSTEE; STK LONG BIASED MASTER FIM; MACQUARIE MULTI-FACTOR FUND; MACQUARIE TRUE INDEX EMERGING MARKETS FUND; NORTHERN TRUST COLLECTIVE EMERGING MARKETS EX CHIN; STEWART INVESTORS GLOBAL EMERGING MARKETS LEADERS; STEWART INVESTORS WORLDWIDE LEADERS SUSTAINABILITY; STICHTING JURIDISCH EIGENAAR ACHMEA INVESTMENT MAN; COMMONWEALTH GLOBAL SHARE FUND 16; AIKYA EMERGING MARKETS OPPORTUNITIES FUND; ISHARES GLOBAL CONSUMER STAPLES ETF; COLONIAL FIRST STATE WHOLESALE INDEXED GLOBAL SHAR; SPDR BLOOMBERG SASB EMERGING MARKETS ESG SELECT ET; TRINITY COLLEGE CAMBRIDGE; FIRST SENTIER INVESTORS ICVC - STEWART INVESTORS G; ALLIANZ GL INVESTORS GMBH ON BEHALF OF ALLIANZGI-FONDS DSPT; AVIVA INVESTORS; AVIVA LIFEPENSIONS UK LIMITED; BLACKROCK ASSET MANAG IR LT I ITS CAP A M F T BKR I S FD; ISHARES EMERGING MARKETS IMI EQUITY INDEX FUND; FIDELITY INSTITUTIONAL FUNDS ICVC - SELECT EM MA EQ FUND; FORSTA AP-FONDEN; FRANKLIN TEMPLETON INVESTMENT FUNDS; H.E.S.T. AUSTRALIA LIMITED; BUREAU OF LABOR FUNDS - LABOR PENSION FUND; BUREAU OF LABOR FUNDS - LABOR RETIREMENT FUND; NEW YORK STATE COMMON RETIREMENT FUND; QANTAS S LIMITED AS TRU FOR THE QANTAS S PLAN; SAS TRUSTEE CORPORATION POOLED FUND; SBC MASTER PENSION TRUST; STATE OF WYOMING; STICHTING DEPOSITARY APG EMERGING MARKETS EQUITY POOL; STICHING PENSIOENFONDS VOOR HUISARTSEN; VANGUARD EMERGING MARKETS SHARES INDEX FUND; VANGUARD TOTAL INTERNATIONAL STOCK INDEX FD, A SEVAN S F.\n\nNATURA &CO HOLDING S.A.\n\nCNPJ/ME No. 32.785.497/0001-97 Publicly-Held Company NIRE 35.300.531.582\n\nMinutes of the Annual and Extraordinary General Meetings\n\nHeld on April 20, 2022\n\nItem 2\n\nEnglish Translation of the Declaration of Vote of the Shareholder Caixa de Previdência Dos Funcionarios do Banco do Brasil – Previ.\n\n[Translated from the original in Portuguese]\n\nClassification: Public\n\nDECLARATION OF VOTE OF THE SHAREHOLDER CAIXA DE PREVIDÊNCIA DOS\n\nFUNCIONARIOS DO BANCO DO BRASIL – PREVI\n\nMr. President,\n\nCAIXA DE PREVIDÊNCIA DOS FUNCIONARIOS DO BANCO DO BRASIL – PREVI, closed entity of complementary social security, headquartered at Praia de Botafogo No. 501, 3rd and 4th floors – Botafogo – Rio de Janeiro (RJ), enrolled with the CNPJ/MF under No. 33.754.482/0001-24, (“PREVI”), as shareholder representing 0.28% of the corporate capital of Natura &CO, publicy held company headquartered at Avenida Alexandre Colares, No. 1188, Room A17, Block A, Parque Anhanguera, in the City of São Paulo, State of São Paulo, ZIP 05106-000, enrolled with CNPJ/ME under No. 32.785.497/0001-97 (“Natura” or “Company”), hereby presents its declaration of vote regarding the subject contained in item 6 of the Agenda of the Annual and Extraordinary General Meeting held on April 20, 2022, at 8:00 a.m., in an exclusively digital manner (“Shareholder” or “AGM”).\n\nItem 6 of the Agenda\n\n“(6) elect the members of the Board of Directors of the Company; and”\n\n1. PREVI records its vote for the APPROVAL of the matter comprising item 6 of the Agenda.\n\n2. Natura’s management proposal, under deliberation at this AGM, intends to approve the names proposed by management, whereas one of the candidates, if elected, will accumulate the position of Chairman of the Board with that of main executive of the Company. This accumulation was authorized by B3 until the annual general meeting of 2024.\n\n3. Therefore, despite of the approval in relation to this item, PREVI understands that the accumulation of these positions do not match the background of best practices expected of Natura & CO, reason why it requests that, before the maximum term set forth by B3, this situation is adjusted, with the due adjustment to the Bylaws.\n\n4. Previ requests that this statement be authenticated by the presiding board, be clearly identified and mentioned in the minutes of the AGM, filed at the Company’s headquarters, taken for registration at the competent Board of Trade and disclosed at the websites of the CVM and the Company, as part of the minutes of the General Meeting.\n\nRio de Janeiro (RJ), April 20, 2022\n\nLuiz Gustavo Frantz\n\n(digital signature)\n\nCaixa de Previdência dos Funcionários do Banco do Brasil - PREVI", 'image': 'http://www.streetinsider.com/images/silogo-new.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:10'}
{'title': "Suzano S A : MINUTES OF THE ANNUAL ORDINARY AND EXTRAORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING HELD ON APRIL 25, 2022 - Form 6-K", 'keywords': ['form', 'extraordinary', 'fundo', 'investimento', 'equity', 'ordinary', 'funds', 'emerging', 'shareholders', 'master', 'minutes', 'fund', 'held', 'trust', 'annual', 'meeting', 'index', 'suzano'], 'polarity': 0.0575, 'subjectivity': 0.2019, 'link': 'https://www.marketscreener.com/quote/stock/SUZANO-S-A-9970732/news/Suzano-S-A-MINUTES-OF-THE-ANNUAL-ORDINARY-AND-EXTRAORDINARY-SHAREHOLDERS-MEETING-HELD-ON-APRIL-25-40150691/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:27', 'summary': "for Mtbj400045829; the Master Trust Bank of Jap, Ltd. as TR.\nfor Mtbj400045828; the Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. as T F Mtbj400045832; the Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. as T. for Mtbj400045835; the Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. as TR for Mutb400045792; the Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. as Tru FO Mtbj400045849; the Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. as Trustee for Mutb4000; the Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd.\nfor Mtbj400045829; the Master Trust Bank of Jap, Ltd. as TR.\nfor Mtbj400045828; the Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. as T F Mtbj400045832; the Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. as T of Mutb400021492; the Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. as T of Mutb400021536; the Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. as T. for Mtbj400045835; the Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. as TR for Mutb400045792; the Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. as Tru FO Mtbj400045849; the Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. as Trustee for Mutb4000; the Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd.\n© Publicnow 2022 All news about SUZANO S.A. 09:03a SUZANO S A : NOTICE TO SHAREHOLDERS - Form 6-K PU 06:11a SUZANO S A : MINUTES OF THE ANNUAL ORDINARY AND EXTRAORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING HELD O.. PU 04/11 SUZANO S A : ANNUAL ORDINARY AND EXTRAORDINARY SHAREHOLDER'S MEETINGS - Form 6-K PU 04/11 SUZANO S A : NOTICE TO THE MARKET - Form 6-K PU 04/05 SUZANO S A : Presentation | Bradesco BBI 8th Brazil Investment Forum PU 03/30 TRANSCRIPT : Suzano S.A. - Analyst/Investor Day CI 03/30 SUZANO S A : Presentation | 2022 Suzano Day PU 03/25 SUZANO S A : CALL NOTICE ANNUAL ORDINARY AND EXTRAORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING - Form 6-.. PU 03/25 SUZANO S A : MINUTES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS' MEETING - Form 6-K PU 03/07 SUZANO S A : Presentation | JP Morgan 2022 Global Emerging Markets Corporate Conference PU Analyst Recommendations on SUZANO S.A. 01/25 JPMorgan Downgrades Suzano SA to Neutral From Overweight MT 2021 SUZANO S A : Morgan Stanley Upgrades Suzano to Overweight Rating From Equal-Weight MT", 'channel': 'marketscreener.com', 'text': 'Suzano S A : MINUTES OF THE ANNUAL ORDINARY AND EXTRAORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS\' MEETING HELD ON APRIL 25, 2022 - Form 6-K 04/26/2022 | 06:11am EDT Send by mail :\n\nName : First name : From * : To * : (You can enter multiple email addresses separated by commas) Message : * Required fields MINUTES OF THE ANNUAL ORDINARY AND EXTRAORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS\' MEETING HELD ON APRIL 25, 2022 1.Date, Time and place: April 25, 2022, at 09:00 a.m., only in a digital form through the electronic system of remote attendance made available by Suzano S.A. (" Company ") pursuant to item II of Paragraph 2 of article 21-C of CVM Instruction No. 481, of December 17, 2009, as amended (" ICVM No. 481/09 ") and in accordance with the rules established in the Shareholders Manual disclosed by the Company. 2.Call Notice:Called according to the call notice published on March 25, 26 and 28, 2022, in the printed version of the newspapers Correio da Bahia (pages 14, 6 and 6 respectively), as well as in its website, and in O Estado de S. Paulo (Estadão) in the newspaper website, in accordance with the provisions of articles 124 and 189 of Law No. 6,404, of December 15, 1976, as amended (" Brazilian Corporation Law "). 3.Attendance: The shareholders representing more than 75.27% of the common shares issued by the Company at the Annual Ordinary General Meeting and 77.51% of the common shares issued by the Company at the Extraordinary General Meeting, according to the expressed votes via Distance Voting Ballot and attendance registration in the electronic system of remote attendance made available by the Company, pursuant to item II of Paragraph 2 of article 21-C of ICVM No. 481/09. Also, Mr. Rubens Barletta, member of the Company\'s Fiscal Board, Mrs. Ana Paula Pessoa, independent member of the Board of Directors and Coordinator of the Bylaws Audit Committee (BAC), and Mr. José Vital Pessoa Monteiro Filho, representative of PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores Independentes attended the meeting. 4.Opening and Board: The works were initiated by Mr. Leandro Arean Oncala, pursuant article 8 of the Company\'s Bylaws. Chairman: Mr. Leandro Arean Oncala; Secretary: Mrs. Marcella Caram Zerey. 5.Agenda:The chairman reported as follows.Ordinary General Meeting: (i) examine the management accounts concerning the fiscal year ended December, 31,2021; (ii) examine, discuss and vote on the financial statements of the Company for the fiscal year ended December, 31, 2021, as well as review the management report for such fiscal year; (iii) resolve on the allocation of the net income for the fiscal year ended December, 31, 2021 and on the distribution of dividends; (iv) set the number of members to be elected for the next term of office of the Board of Directors; (v) resolve on the election of the Board of Directors; (vi) if the Company\'s Fiscal Board is installed, define the number of members that will compose the Fiscal Board and resolve on the election of its members; and (vii) set the global annual compensation of the Company\'s managers and the Fiscal Board, if installed.Extraordinary General Meeting: (i)resolve on the form of Indemnity Agreement to be entered into between the Company and certain beneficiaries; and (ii) authorize the Company\'s management to perform all necessary actions in order to implement the matters approved herein, pursuant to applicable law. Documents:The Financial Statements for 2021 were published in the newspapers Correio da Bahia and O Estado de S. Paulo (Estadão) in the edition of February 10, 2022 and as available to the Shareholders of the Company such as the copies of the publication of the Call Notice mentioned in Item 2 above, in the Company\'s head office. In addition, they are available to Shareholders, at Suzano\'s head office, in the Company\'s investor relations website (www.suzano.com.br/ri), as well as on the websites of the Securities and Exchange Commission of Brazil (" CVM ") (www.cvm.gov.br) and B3 ( Management Proposal ") including (i) the proposed amendments, pursuant to article 10, 12 and 13 of ICVM Instruction 481/09; (iii) the proposal of allocation of net income for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and the information also required by item II of sole paragraph of article 9 of ICVM No. 481/09; (iii) the general terms and conditions referred to in the form of the indemnity agreement, pursuant to CVM´s Guidance Opinion No 38, of September, 25, 2018 (" Guidance Opinion No. 38 "); (iv) the indemnity agreement´s draft and (c) the Shareholders Manual, including instructions for participation in the AOEM. 6.:The Financial Statements for 2021 were published in the newspapers Correio da Bahia and O Estado de S. Paulo (Estadão) in the edition of February 10, 2022 and as available to the Shareholders of the Company such as the copies of the publication of the Call Notice mentioned in Item 2 above, in the Company\'s head office. In addition, they are available to Shareholders, at Suzano\'s head office, in the Company\'s investor relations website (www.suzano.com.br/ri), as well as on the websites of the Securities and Exchange Commission of Brazil ("") (www.cvm.gov.br) and B3 ( http://www.b3.com.br), (a) the Management Report and the individual and consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and their respective Notes, all related to the fiscal year ended on December 31, 2021, accompanied by the independent auditor\'s report and the Fiscal Board\'s report; (b) the ("") including (i) the proposed amendments, pursuant to article 10, 12 and 13 of ICVM Instruction 481/09; (iii) the proposal of allocation of net income for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and the information also required by item II of sole paragraph of article 9 of ICVM No. 481/09; (iii) the general terms and conditions referred to in the form of the indemnity agreement, pursuant to CVM´s Guidance Opinion No 38, of September, 25, 2018 (""); (iv) the indemnity agreement´s draft and (c) the Shareholders Manual, including instructions for participation in the AOEM. 7.Resolutions: Dismissed the reading of the documents mentioned in item 6 above, considering that they are known by the Shareholders of the Company, as well as of the consolidated voting map of expressed votes by the distance voting ballots, which was available for consultation by the shareholders attending the meeting, pursuant to paragraph 4 of article 21-W of ICVM No. 481/09, the shareholders of the Company present in these shareholders meetings, decided to adopt the following resolutions, with abstentions being recorded in each case and having authorized the drawing up of these minutes in summary form and their publication with omission of the signatures of the shareholders, pursuant to the provision of paragraphs 1 and 2 of article 130, of the Brazilian Corporations Law: At the Ordinary General Meeting: 7.2To approve, by majority votes, with 863,386,699 favorable votes, 191,641 contrary votes, and 152,094,855 abstentions, the accounts of the Company\'s management for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 7.3To approve, by majority votes, with 862,762,200 favorable votes, 814,140 contrary votes, and 152,094,855 abstentions, the financial statements of the Company for the fiscal year ended December,31, 2021, as well as to approve the management report and the independent auditors\' report for such fiscal year. 7.4To approve, by majority votes, with 1,009,022,847 favorable votes, 31,702 contrary votes, and 6,618,646 abstentions, the distribution of the net income in the total amount of BRL8,626,386,669.48 (eight billion, six hundred and twenty-six million, three hundred and eighty-six thousand, six hundred and sixty-nine reais and forty-eight cents), accrued in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, which was (i) partially absorbed in BRL3,926,014,830.11 (three billion, nine hundred and twenty-six million, fourteen thousand, eight hundred and thirty reais and eleven cents) related to accumulated losses from the previous period, as approved at the Extraordinary General Meeting held on October, 25, 2021; and (ii) plus the amount of BRL140,515,406.11 (one hundred and forty million, five hundred and fifteen thousand, four hundred and six reais and eleven cents), referring to the equity valuation adjustment, as follows: i. BRL235,018,591.97 (two hundred and thirty-five million, eighteen thousand, five hundred and ninety-one reais and ninety-seven cents), to the Legal Reserve, pursuant to paragraphs 1 and 2 of article 193 of the Brazilian Corporations Law; ii. BRL812,908,608.06 (eight hundred and twelve million, nine hundred and eight thousand, six hundred and eight reais and six cents), tothe Tax Incentive Reserve, pursuant to article 195-A of the Brazilian Corporations Law; iii. BRL1,800,000,000.00 (one billion, eight hundred million reais), for the distribution of dividends, as follows: (a) the amount of BRL1.000,096,676.07 (one billion, ninety-six thousand, six hundred and seventy-six reais and seven cents) was declared and paid as anticipated dividends to the net income account for the year determined in the balance sheet drawn up at the end of the third quarter of 2021, resolved at the Company\'s Board of Directors\' Meeting, held on January 7, 2022, which declared the amount of BRL1,000,000,000.00 (one billion reais), ad referendum of te present General Meeting; and the additional amount of BRL96,676.07 (ninety-six thousand, six hundred and seventy-six reais and seven cents), which was paid due to the variation in the stock ownership verified in January, 2022 and (b) the supplementary amount of BRL799,903,323.93 (seven hundred and ninety-nine million, nine hundred and three thousand, three hundred and twenty-three reais and ninety-three cents) (regarding item "b", " Suplementary Dividends "); iv. BRL1,793,664,040.91 (one billion, seven hundred and ninety-three million, six hundred and sixty-four thousand, forty reais and ninety-one cents), to the Capital Increase Reserve, pursuant to item "d" of article 26 of the Bylaws; and v. BRL199,296,004.55 (one hundred and ninety-nine million, two hundred and ninety-six thousand, four reais and fifty-five cents), to the Special Bylaws Reserve, pursuant to item "d" of article 26 of the Bylaws. 7.4.1 To consign that the Supplementary Dividends will be paid on May 13, 2022, in local currency, based on the stock ownership at the close of the trading session of B3, on May 4, 2022, without adjustment or monetary restatement, the shares issued by the Company shall be traded "ex-dividends" as of May 5, 2022, inclusive, and will follow the procedures of the financial institution providing bookkeeping services for the shares issued by the Company, as per information in a notice to shareholders to be disclosed in due course by the Company. 7.5To approve by majority votes, with 1,009,052,344 favorable votes, 2,109 contrary votes, and 6,618,742 abstention, the setting at 9 (nine) of the number of members to be elected for the next term of office of the Board of Directors, pursuant to the Management Proposal; 7.6To approve by majority votes, with 986,962,350 favorable votes, 21,820,370 contrary votes, and 6,890,475 abstention, the election of the followings members of the Board of Director by single slate, all with a term of office of 2 (two) year: (i) Mr. David Feffer, Brazilian, divorced, businessman, enrolled in CPF/ME under No. 882.739.628-49, bearer of the Identity Card (RG) No 4.617.720- 6 SSP/SP, resident and domiciled in São Paulo, State of São Paulo, with business address on Av. Brigadeiro Faria Lima, 1355, 21 th floor, Pinheiros, ZIP Code 01452-919, for the position of president of the Board of Directors; (ii) Mr. Daniel Feffer,Brazilian, married, businessman, enrolled in CPF/ME under No 011.769.138-08, bearer of the Identity Card (RG) No. 4.617.718-8 SSP/SP, resident and domiciled in São Paulo, State of São Paulo, with business address on Av. Brigadeiro Faria Lima, 1355, 21 th floor, Pinheiros, ZIP Code 01452-919, for the position of Vice President of the Board of Directors; (iii) Nildemar Secches,Brazilian, widower, mechanical engineer, enrolled in CPF/ME under No 589.461.528-34, bearer of the Identity Card (RG) No. 3.997.339-6 SSP/SP, resident and domiciled in São Paulo, State of São Paulo, with business address at Rua Viradouro, 63, conjunto 132, Itaim Bibi, ZIP Code 04 538-110, for the position of Vice President of the Board of Directors; (iv) Ana Paula Pessoa, Brazilian, married, economist, enrolled in CPF/ME under No. 865.873.407-25, bearer of Identity Card (RG) No. 06.329.796-4 IFP/RJ, resident and domiciled in the City of Rio de Janeiro, State of Rio de Janeiro, with a residential address in Rua General Tasso Fragoso 33, block 5, apt. 401, ZIP Code 22470-170, for the position of effective member of the Board of Directors; (v) Gabriela Feffer Moll, Brazilian, married, accountant , enrolled in CPF/ME under No 315.806.998-98, bearer of the Identity Card (RG) No30.082.370-8 SSP/SP, resident and domiciled in São Paulo, State of São Paulo, with business address at. Av. Brigadeiro Faria Lima, 1355, 21th floor, Pinheiros, ZIP Code 01452-919, for the position of effective member of the Board of Directors; (vi) Maria Priscila Rodini Vansetti Machado, Brazilian, married, engineer, enrolled in CPF/ME under No 036.618.448-22, bearer of the Identity Card (RG) No 8.812.418-6 SSP/SP, resident and domiciled in Barueri, State of São Paulo, with business address at Alameda Itapecuru, 506, Alphaville, ZIP Code 06454-080, for the position of effective member of the Board of Directors; (vii) Paulo Rogerio Caffarelli, Brazilian, married, executive, enrolled in CPF/ME under No 442.887.279-87, bearer of the Identity Card (RG) No 33813902 PR, resident and domiciled in São Paulo, State of São Paulo, with business address at Alameda Xingu, 512, 31th floor, ZIP Code 06455-030, Alphaville, Barueri, State of São Paulo, for the position of effective member of the Board of Directors; (viii) Paulo Sergio Kakinoff, Brazilian, married, accountant, enrolled in CPF/ME under No194.344.518-41, bearer of Identity Card (RG) No 25.465.939-1 SSP SP, resident and domiciled in São Paulo, with business address at Praça Comandante Linneu Gomes, Jardim Aeroporto, São Paulo, ZIP Code 04626-020, for the position of effective member of Board of Directors; and (ix) Rodrigo Calvo Galindo, Brazilian, married, accountant, enrolled in CPF/ME under No 622.153.291-49, bearer of Identity Card (RG) No 961.394, resident and domiciled at in São Paulo, State of São Paulo, with business address at Avenida Paulista, 901, 10th floor, ZIP Code 01310-914, for the position of effective member of the Board of Directors. 7.6.1Mr. Rodrigo Calvo Galindo, Mr. Paulo Rogerio Caffarelli, Mr. Paulo Sergio Kakinoff, Ms. Ana Paula Pessoa, Ms. Maria Priscila Rodini Vansetti Machado are hereby as considered independent directors, as defined in B3\'s Novo Mercado Regulation, and the minimum percentage required in said regulation has been duly accomplished. 7.6.2The investiture of the members of the Board of Directors hereby elected or reelected, as the case may be, is subject to the signature of the respective investiture instrument, drawn up in the Company\'s own book, in which they will declare that they have not committed any crime that would prevent them from exercising commercial activity. 7.7Considering the receipt of a request for the installation of the Fiscal Board by shareholders holding shares representing more than 2% of the total capital stock of the Company, pursuant to article 4 of CVM Resolution No. 70 of March 22, 202, as well as the indication of sufficient candidates to comply with the provisions of paragraph 1 of article 161 of the Brazilian Corporation Law and article 24 of the Company\'s Bylaws, approve the installation of the Company\'s Fiscal Board with the reelection of the following members for a new term of office until the date of the Annual Ordinary Shareholders\' Meeting to resolve on the financial statements for the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2022, registering the favorable votes, contrary votes and abstentions indicated below: Elected in general vote , with 694,008,116 favorable votes, 115,151 contrary votes and 302,580,680 abstentions, Messrs. (i)Luiz Augusto Marques Paes, Brazilian, married, lawyer, enrolled in CPF/ME under No. 045.320.388-47, bearer of the Identity Card (RG) No. 12.605.359-5 SSP/SP, resident and domiciled in São Paulo, State of São Paulo, with business address at Rua Gomes de Carvalho, 1306, 2nd floor, conjunto 22, Vila Olímpia, Zip Code 04547-005, and Roberto Figueiredo Mello, Brazilian, married, lawyer, enrolled in CPF/ME under No. 532.755.358-20, bearer of the Identity Card (RG) No. 3.922.596 SSP/SP, resident and domiciled in São Paulo, State of São Paulo, with business address at Rua Líbero Badaró, 293 - 27th floor, Centro, Zip Code 01009-907, for the positions, respectively, of effective and alternate members of the Audit Board; and (ii)Rubens Barletta, Brazilian, divorced, lawyer, enrolled in CPF/ME under No. 397.909.328-04, bearer of the Identity Card (RG) No. 3.540.429-2 SSP/SP, resident and domiciled in São Paulo, State of São Paulo, with business address at Praça Ramos de Azevedo, 209, 5th floor, conjunto 52, República, Zip Code 01037-010, and Luiz Gonzaga Ramos Schubert, Brazilian, widower, lawyer, enrolled in CPF/ME under No. 080.501.128-53, bearer of the Identity Card (RG) No. 2.560.033-3 SSP/SP, resident and domiciled in São Paulo, State of São Paulo, with business address at Praça Ramos de Azevedo, 209, 5th floor, conjunto 52, República, Zip Code 01037-010, for the positions, respectively, of effective and alternate members of the Audit Board,. Elected in separate vote , with 18,926,148 favorable votes, representing the majority vote of the Company\'s minority shareholders, pursuant to in paragraph 4 of article 161 of the Brazilian Corporation Law, (iii) Messrs. Eraldo Soares Peçanha, Brazilian, married, accountant, enrolled in CPF/ME under No. 179.386.437-34, bearer of the Identity Card (RG) No. 020.809/09 CRC/RJ, resident and domiciled in Rio de Janeiro, State of Rio de Janeiro, at Avenida Prefeito Dulcidio Cardoso, 1400, apt. 1202, block I, Zip Code 22620-311, and Kurt Janos Toth, Brazilian, widower, economist, enrolled in CPF/ME under No. 193.789.557-20, bearer of the Identity Card (RG) No. 02437372-2 DETRAN/RJ, resident and domiciled in Rio de Janeiro, State of Rio de Janeiro, at Rua Lagoa das Garças, 200, apt. 704, Zip Code 22793-400, for the positions, respectively, of effective and alternate members of the Audit Board. 7.7.1The investiture of the members of the Audit Board hereby elected or reelected, as the case may be, is subject to the signature of the respective investiture instrument, drawn up in the appropriate book, and such members accepted their respective titles by stating that they are fully aware of the law, fulfilling all legal requirements for the exercise of titles and are not prevented from exercising these titles by especial law or due to criminal conviction, or because they are under the effects of a penalty that prohibits, even temporarily, access to public offices, or by bankruptcy, malfeasance, graft or bribery, extortion, embezzlement or crimes against the consumer, against the national financial system, against antitrust laws, against consumer relations, public faith or property. 7.7.2To consign that Mr Caio Ramalho and Mr. Gaspar Carreira Jr. were indicated as candidates, respectively, to the effective and alternate members of the Fiscal Board, in the separate election held pursuant to paragraph 4 of article 161 of the Brazilian Corporation Law, having received 3,100 favorable votes, therefore remaining surpassed by the members herein elected. In addition, 933,352,104 abstention votes were recorded in the separate election procedure. 7.8To approve, by majority votes, with 856,528,198 favorable votes, 132,641,880 contrary votes, and 26,503,117 abstentions, pursuant to the Management Proposal, the overall annual compensation of the Management and the Audit Board of the Company, in the global anual amount of up BRL140,117,247.21 (one hundred and forty million, one hundred and seventeen thousand, two hundred and forty-seven reais and twenty-one cents), the amount of which includes: (a) up to BRL19,980,929.04 (nineteen million, nine hundred and eighty thousand, nine hundred and twenty-nine reais and four cents ), corresponding to the fixed compensation of the members of the Board of Directors; (b) up to BRL119,093,550.76 (one hundred and nineteen million, ninety-three thousand, five hundred and fifty reais and seventy-six cents), corresponding to the fixed and variable compensation of the members of the Board of Executive Officers; (c) up to BRL1,042,767.41 (one million, forty-two thousand, seven hundred and sixty-seven reais and forty-one cents), corresponding to the fixed compensation of the members of the Fiscal Board; and (d) the benefits of any nature that are included in such amounts. The fixed compensation herein approved does not include the value of taxes and charges levied on the compensation and which are the Company\'s responsibility. At the Extraordinary Shareholders\' Meeting: 7.9To approve, by majority votes, with 1,035,530,480 favorable votes, 886,512 contrary votes, and 9,515,336 abstentions, the general terms and conditions referred to in the form of the Indemnity Agreement to be entered into between the Company and certain beneficiaries, in the form set in Item VII to the Management Proposal. 7.10To authorize, by majority votes, with 1,038,944,480 favorable votes, 14,357 contrary votes, and 6,973,491 abstentions, the Company\'s managers to perform all measures that are necessary to implement the resolutions taken. 8.Closure and Approval of the Minutes: Once the resolutions were closed, the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders\' Meetings were suspended for the time necessary to draw up these Minutes. The meeting was reopened, these Minutes were read, found to be in compliance, approved and signed by those attending, having been considered signatories to the minutes, pursuant to paragraph 1 of article 21-V of ICVM 481/09, the shareholders whose distance voting ballots were considered valid by the Company and the shareholders who registered their attendance in the electronic system of remote attendance provided by the Company. The voting manifestation and abstention statements were presented, authenticated by the board and filed at the head office. The votes cast by the mechanism of Distance Voting Ballots, under the terms of ICVM 481/09, were filed with the Company. List of Shareholders attending is included in Exhibit A to these Minutes. Salvador, April 25, 2022. Board : ______________________________ ______________________________ Leandro Arean Oncala Chairman Marcella Caram Zerey Secretary \u200b Exhibit A - List of Shareholders Pursuant to paragraphs 1 and 2 of article 21-V of CVM Instruction 481/09, the shareholders present are considered signatories of the minutes of this Meeting: Ordinary Shareholders Meeting Shareholders present via the electronic participation system: Agora Arrojada Index FIA; Agora Esmeralda Fundo de Investimento Multimercado; Agora Top 10 Index FIA; Bradesco Auto/RE Companhia de Seguros; Bradesco FI Multimercado Long Short; Bradesco FIA Dividendos; Bradesco FIA Ibovespa Plus; Bradesco FIA IBrX Multipatrocinado; Bradesco FIA Institucional IBrX Ativo; Bradesco FIA Master Dividendos; Bradesco FIA Master Ibovespa; Bradesco FIA Master IBrX; Bradesco FIA Master Previdência; Bradesco FIA Multi Setorial; Bradesco FIA Selecao; Bradesco FIA Selection; Bradesco FIA Super Acao; Bradesco FIA Sustentabilidade Empresarial; Bradesco FIM Crédito Privado Invest no Exterior CH; Bradesco FIM Long and Short; Bradesco FIM Long Biased; Bradesco Fundo de Investimento em Ações Master Long Biased; Bradesco Fundo de Investimento em Ações Master Long Only; Bradesco Fundo de Investimento em Ações Master Previdência I; Bradesco Fundo de Investimento em Ações Zinco; Bradesco Fundo Mútuo de Privatização FGTS CL; Bradesco H FI em Ações Ibovespa; Bradesco H FIA Sri; Bradesco Multiportfolio FMP - FGTS CL; Bradesco Private FIA Ibovespa Alavancado; Bradesco Private FIA Ibovespa Ativo; Bradesco Saude S/A; Bradesco Top Green Index Fife Fundo de Investimento em Ações; Bradesco Vida e Previdência S/A; Bradeseg Participações S/A; Bram Alocação Sistemática FIA Brasil; Bram FIA Ibovespa Ativo; Bram FIA IBrX Ativo; Bram FIA Institucional; Bram FIA Long Only; Bram FIM Ajax; Bram Fundo de Investimento em Ações; Bram Fundo de Investimento em Ações Ibovespa; Bram Fundo de Investimento em Ações Ibrx-50; Bram Fundo de Investimento em Ações Sustentabilidade Empresa; Bram Fundo de Investimento Multimercado Equity Hedge; Bram H FI em Ações Ibovespa Gestao; Bram H FI em Ações Passivo IBrX; Bram H FIA Dividendos; Bram H FIA Institucional; ETF Bradesco Ibovespa Fundo de Índice; FI em Ações Aruba; FIM Crédito Privado IE - 2431; Fundo de Investimento em Ações Ibovespa 157; and Fundo de Investimento em Ações Master Previdência Esg. By proxy Ilana Chagas Sanches, CPF: 312.975.138-98 Amundi Esg Global Low Carbon Fund; Amundi Funds; Amundi Index Solutions; Janus Henderson Emerging Markets Opportunities Fund; Janus Henderson Fund Emerging Markets Fund; Lcl Actions Emergents; Moneda Latin American Equities Fund (delaware LP; Moneda Luxembourg Sicav- Latin America Equities Fund; Most Diversified Portfolio Sicav; Portfolio Edmond de Rothschild Fund; and Priviledge. By proxy Christiano Marques de Godoys, CPF: 250.152.388-19 Ascese Fundo de Investimento em Ações; Dynamo Brasil I LLC; Dynamo Brasil III LLC; Dynamo Brasil IX LLC; Dynamo Brasil V LLC; Dynamo Brasil VI LLC; Dynamo Brasil VIII LLC; Dynamo Brasil XIV LLC; Dynamo Brasil XV LP; and Dynamo Cougar Master - FIA. By proxy Bruno Pinheiro Lima Rapparini Soares, CPF: 124.296.687-00 and Gabriel Vieira Marx Andrade, CPF: 132.354.527-10 Alden Fundo de Investimento em Ações; Daniel Feffer; David Feffer; Fundacao Arymax; Jorge Feffer; Polpar S/A; Ruben Feffer; and Suzano Holding S.A. By proxy Maria Cecília Castro Neves Ipiña, CPF: 938.418.767-49 Bank of New York ADR Department By proxy Christiano Marques de Godoys, CPF: 250.152.388-19 Prisma Fundo de Investimento de Ações By proxy Caio Cezar Monteiro Ramalho, CPF: 047.633.017-30 Shareholders present by means of a distance voting ballot: By bookkeeper : AB Bond Fund, Inc. - AB All Market Real Return Portfolio; Aberdeen Investment Funds UK Icvc II - Aberdeen em; Abu Dhabi Retirement Pensions and Benefits Fund; Advanced Series Trust - Ast J.P. Morgan S O Portfolio; Advanced Series Trust - Ast Mfs G. A. P.; Advanced Series Trust - Ast Prudential Flexible M-s P; Advanced Series Trust - Ast Prudential Growth Allocation Por; Advanced Series Trust - Ast T. Rowe Price Diversified R G P; Advanced Series Trust - Ast T. Rowe Price Growth Opp. Portf.; Aegon Custody BV RE MM Emerging Markets Fund; Agfiq Emerging Markets Equity ETF; Alaska Common Trust Fund; Alaska Permanent Fund; Alliancebernstein Collective Investment Trust Series; Allianz GL Investors Gmbh ON Behalf of Allianzgi-fonds Dspt; American Century Retirement Date Trust; American Century World Mutual Fd,inc-nt Emerging Markets FD; American Century World Mutual Funds, Inc Emerg Markets Fund; American Heart Association, Inc.; Andra Ap-fonden; Arero - Der Weltfonds -nachhaltig; Aria CO Pty Ltd as Trustee for Combined Investments Fund; Ascension Alpha Fund, LLC; Ataulfo LLC; Australiansuper Pty Ltd as Trustee for Australiasuper; Aviva I Investment Funds Icvc - Aviva I International I T F; Aviva Investors; Aviva Life Pensions UK Limited; Barclays Multi-manager Fund Public Limited Company; Baron Collective Investment Trust; Baron Emerging Markets Fund; Baron Emerging Markets Fund Ltd.; Baron International Growth Fund; Barra Fundo de Investimento em Ações; Barthe Holdings LLC; Betashares Climate Change Innovation ETF; Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation Trust; Bimcor Global Equity Pooled Fund; Blackrock A. M. S. AG ON B. of I. e. M. e. I. F. (ch); Blackrock Asset Manag IR LT I Its Cap A M F T Bkr I S FD; Blackrock Cdn Msci Emerging Markets Index Fund; Blackrock Global Funds; Blackrock Global Index Funds; Blackrock Institutional Trust Company na; Blackrock Latin America Fund Inc; Blackrock Latin American Investment Trust Plc; Blackrock Life Limited - DC Overseas Equity Fund; Blackrock Strategic Funds - Blackrock Dynamic Diversifi; Blackrock Strategic Funds - Blackrock Emerging Markets e S F; Blk Magi Fund; Bmo Msci Emerging Markets Index ETF; Bnym Mellon CF SL Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund; Board of Pensions of the Evangelical Lutheran Church IN Amer; BP Pension Fund; Bpi Brasil, Fundo de Investimento Aberto Flexivel; British Columbia Investment Management Corporation; Bureau of Labor Funds - Labor Retirement Fund; Caisse de Depot ET Placement DU Quebec; California Public Employees Retirement System; Canada Post Corporation Registered Pension Plan; Central Provident Fund Board; Chang Hwa CO Bank, Ltd IN Its C as M Cust of N B Fund; Chang Hwa Com BK Ltd IN Its Cap as M Cust of P Lat A EQ FD; Chevron UK Pension Plan; Cibc Emerging Markets Equity Index ETF; Cibc Emerging Markets Index Fund; Cititrust Lim as TR of Black Premier Fds- Ish Wor Equ Ind FD; City of New York Deferred Compensation Plan; Civil Aviation Authority Pension Scheme; Clinton Nuclear Power Plant Qualified Fund; Cmla International Share Fund; College Retirement Equities Fund; Colonial First State Investment Fund 10; Colorado Public Employees Ret. Association; Columbia em Core Ex-china ETF; Commingled Pen TR FD (activebuilders em Mkts Eq) of Jpmcb na; Commingled Pension Trust Fund (gl Emerging Mkt Opp) of Jpm; Commingled Pension Trust Fund Emerging Markets Research Enha; Commonwealth Superannuation Corporation; Connecticut General Life Insurance Company; Construction Building Unions Super Fund; Consulting Group Capital Mkts Funds Emer Markets Equity Fund; Custody B. of J. Ltd. Re: Stb D. B. S. M. F.; Custody B. of J. Ltd. Re: Stb D. e. e. F. I. M. F.; Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. as TR F Hsbc Brazil New MO Fund; Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. Re: Emerg Equity Passive Mothr F; Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. Re: Rtb Nikko B. e. A. M. F.; Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. Stb Brazil Stock M. F.; Danske Invest Sicav; Dela Depositary Asset Management B.V.; Delaware Pooled Trust - Macquarie e. M. P.; Desjardins RI Emerging Markets - Low Co2 Index ETF; Deutsche Asset Management S.A. for Arero - Der Wel; Deutsche Asset Wealth Management Investment Gmbh for D Gpf; Deutsche Invest I Brazilian Equities; Deutsche X-trackers Msci All World EX US Hedged Equity ETF; Dimensional Emerging Core Equity Market ETF of Dim; Diversified Real Asset Cit; Durham County Council Pension Fund; Dws Advisors Emerging Markets Equities-passive; Dws I. Gmbh for Deam-fonds Kg-pensionen; Dws Invest Latin American Equities; Dws Latin America Equity Fund; Eastspring Investments; Eaton Vance Int (ir) F Plc-eaton V Int (ir) Par em Mkt Fund; Eaton Vance TR CO CO TR FD - PA Str em Mkts EQ Com TR FD; Emer Mkts Core EQ Port Dfa Invest Dimens Grou; Emerging Markets Equity Index Esg Screened Fund B; Emerging Markets Equity Index Master Fund; Emerging Markets Fund; Emerging Markets Great Consumer Fund; Emerging Markets Index Non-lendable Fund; Emerging Markets Index Non-lendable Fund B; Employees Retirement System of Georgia; Ensign Peak Advisors,inc; EQ/Emerging Markets Equity Plus Portfolio; Eurizon Capital Sgr S.P.A; Evtc Cit Fof Ebp-evtc Parametric Sem Core Equity Fund TR; Exelon Generation Comp, LLC Tax Qualified Nuclear Decomm Par; FI CE I PO LLC Fidelity Emerging Markets Equity Central Fund; Fiam Group Trust for Employee Benefit Plans; Fiam Group Trust for Employee Benefit Plans: Fiam; Fiam Select Emerging Markets Equity Fund, LP; Fideicomiso Fae; Fidelity Concord Street Trust: Fidelity Zero Int. Index Fund; Fidelity Emerging Markets Equity Multi-asset Base Fund; Fidelity Emerging Markets Opportunities Institutio; Fidelity Institutional Funds Icvc - Select em MA EQ Fund; Fidelity Invest Trust Latin America Fund; Fidelity Invest Trust: Fidelity Series Emerg Mark Opport Fun; Fidelity Investment Funds Fidelity Index Emerg Markets Fund; Fidelity Investment Trust: Fidelity Global Commodity Stock F; Fidelity Investment Trust: Fidelity Series Emergin; Fidelity Investment Trust: Fidelity Total Emerging Markets F; Fidelity Investments Money Management Inc; Fidelity Investmet Trust: Fidelity Emerging Markets Discover; Fidelity Rutland Square Trust Ii: Strategic A e M Fund; Fidelity Rutland Square Trust Ii: Strategic Advise; Fidelity Salem Street T: Fidelity e M Index Fund; Fidelity Salem Street T: Fidelity G EX U.S Index Fund; Fidelity Salem Street T: Fidelity Total Inte Index Fund; Fidelity Salem Street Trust: Fidelity Flex International Ind; Fidelity Salem Street Trust: Fidelity Sai Emerging M I Fund; Fidelity Salem Street Trust: Fidelity Series G EX US I FD; Fidelity Salem Street Trust: Fidelity Strat Real Return Fund; Fidelity Select Emerging Markets Equity Institutional Trust; Fidelity Select Global Plus All Cap Equity Institutional Tru; First Trust Bick Index Fund; First Trust Brazil Alphadex Fund; First Trust Latin America Alphadex Fund; First Trust Riverfront Dynamic Emerging Markets ETF; Flexshares Emerging Markets Low Volatility Climate; Flexshares Morningstar Emerging Markets Factor Tilt Index F; Flexshares Morningstar Global Upstream Resources Index Fund; Florida Retirement System Trust Fund; Fondo Pensione Laborfonds; Ford Motor CO Defined Benef Master Trust; Forsta Ap-fonden; Freedom 100 Emerging Markets ETF; Fulcrum Liquid Real Assets Fund; Future Fund Board of Guardians; Gallery Trust - Mondrian e. M. Value Equity Fund; General Organisation for Social Insurance; General Pension and Social Security Authority; Global Emerging Markets Balance Portfolio; Global Macro Capital Opportunities Portfolio; Gmo Climate Change Fund, A Series of Gmo Trust; Gmo Climate Change Investment Fund, A Sub-fund of; Gmo Resources Fund, A Series of Gmo Trust; Gmo Resources Ucits Fund, A Sub-fund of Gmo Invest; Goldman Sachs ETF Icav Acting Solely ON Behalf of; Goldman Sachs ETF Trust - Goldman S Activebeta e M e ETF; Goldman Sachs ETF Trust - Goldman Sachs Emerging M; Government of Singapore; Guidemark Emerging Markets Fund; H.e.S.T. Australia Limited; HC Capital Trust the Emerging Markets Portfolio; Houston Municipal Employees Pension System; Illinois Municipal Retirement Fund; Imco Emerging Markets Public Equity LP; International Monetary Fund; Internationale Kapita. Mbh Acting for Acc. Vgv Poolfonds Eme; Invesco Cleantech ETF; Invesco Markets III Plc - Inv Ftse RI Emerging Mark U ETF; Invesco Msci Global Timber ETF; Invesco Purebetasm Ftse Emerging Markets ETF; Invesco Rafi Fundamental Global Index Trust; Invesco Strategic Emerging Markets ETF; Investeringsforeningen Nordea Invest Emerging Mkts e. KL; Investors Wholesale Emerging Markets Equities Trust; Irish Life Assurance Plc; Ishares (de) I Investmentaktiengesellschaft Mit TG; Ishares Core Msci Emerging Markets ETF; Ishares Core Msci Total International Stock ETF; Ishares Emerging Markets Fundamental Index ETF; Ishares Emerging Markets Imi Equity Index Fund; Ishares Global Timber Forestry ETF; Ishares II Public Limited Company; Ishares III Public Limited Company; Ishares IV Public Limited Company; Ishares Msci Acwi ETF; Ishares Msci Acwi EX U.S. ETF; Ishares Msci Brazil ETF; Ishares Msci Bric ETF; Ishares Msci Emerging Markets ETF; Ishares Msci Emerging Markets EX China ETF; Ishares Public Limited Company; Itaú Funds - Latin America Equity Fund; Ivesco Ftse Rafi Emerging Markets ETF; J P Morgan Investment Funds; J.P. Morgan Trust Company (jersey) L. as T. of B. I J. Funds; Jeffrey LLC; Jnl Emerging Markets Index Fund; Jnl/Jpmorgan Global Allocation Fund; John Hancock Emerging Markets Equity Fund; John Hancock Funds II Emerging Markets Fund; John Hancock Funds II International Strategic Equity Allocat; John Hancock Trust Company Collective Investment T; JP Morgan Diversidied Fund; JP Morgan Emerging Markets Opportunities; Jpmorgan Emerging Markets Equity Core ETF; Jpmorgan Emerging Markets Research Enhanced Equity Fund; Jpmorgan Etfs (ireland) Icav; Jpmorgan Funds; Jpmorgan Global Allocation Fund; Kapitalforeningen Laegernes Pensionsinvestering, Lpi Aem III; Kapitalforeningen Pensam Invest, Psi 3 Globale Aktier 3; Kraneshares Msci Emerging Markets EX China Index e; Laerernes Pension Forsikringsaktieselskab; Leblon 70 Brasilprev Fundo de Investimento Multimercado Fife; Leblon Ações I Master FIA; Leblon Ações II Master FIA; Leblon Equities Institucional I Fundo de Investimento de Aco; Leblon Icatu Previdência FIM; Leblon Prev FIM Fife; Legal & General Icav; Legal & General International Index Trust; Legal and General Assurance Pensions Mng Ltd; Legal General Ccf; Legal General Collective Investment Trust; Legal General Global Emerging Markets Index Fund; Legal General Global Equity Index Fund; Lgiasuper Trustee; Los Angeles County Employees Ret Association; Macquarie Multi-factor Fund; Macquarie True Index Emerging Markets Fund; Manulife Emerging Markets Fund; Manulife Investment Manag Emerging Markets Equity Pooled Fun; Manulife Investment Management II Icav; Manulife Sobeys Mfs Emerging Markets Fund UT; Maryland State Retirement and Pension System; Massmutual Select T. Rowe Price International Equi; Master Trust for Certain Tax-qualified Bechtel Retirement PL; Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center; Mercer Private Wealth International Focused Equity Pool; Mercer Qif Fund Plc; Mercer Ucits Common Contractual Fund; Mfs Emerging Markets Equity Fund; Mfs Emerging Markets Equity Fund (can); Mfs Emerging Markets Equity Research Fund; Mfs Emerging Markets Equity Trust; Mfs Heritage Trust Company Collective Investment Trust; Mfs International New Discovery Fund; Mfs Meridian Funds - Emerging Markets Equity Fund; Mfs Meridian Funds - Emerging Markets Equity Resea; Mfs Meridian Funds - Latin American Equity Fund; Mfs Variable Insurance Trust II -mfs e M Equity Portfolio; Ministry of Economy and Finance; Mirae Asset Gem Great Consumer Equity Fund; Mirae Asset Global Discovery Fund; Mlc Masterkey Unit Trust Mlc PL Global Fund; Mobius Life Limited; Momentum Global Funds; Mondrian All Countries World EX US EQ Fund LP; Mondrian Emerging Markets Equity Esg Fund, L.P.; Mondrian Emerging Markets Equity Fund; Mondrian Emerging Markets Equity Fund (irl); Mondrian Emerging Markets Equity Fund, LP; Mondrian Emerging Markets Equity Parallel Fund, L.P.; Mondrian Master Collective Investment Trust; Morgan Stanley Invest. Funds G. Balanced Sustainable Fund; Morgan Stanley Investment Funds Global Balanced Defensive FU; Morgan Stanley Investment Funds Global Balanced Fund; Morgan Stanley Investment Funds Global Balanced Income Fund; Msci Acwi Ex-u.S. Imi Index Fund B2; Msci Equity Index Fund B - Brazil; Multipartner Sicav; Municipal e Annuity A B Fund of Chicago; Nat West BK Plc as TR of ST James PL ST Managed Unit Trust; National Council for Social Security Fund; National Employment Savings Trust; New South Walles TR Corp as TR for the TC Emer Mkt Shar Fund; New York Life Insurance and Annuity Corporation; New York State Teachers Retirement System; Nomura Funds Ireland Plc - American Century Emergi; Nomura Funds Ireland Plc - American Century Emergi; Nordea 1, Sicav- Nordea 1- Latin American Equity Fund; Nordea 2 Sicav; Nordea Equity Opportunities Fund; Norges Bank; Northern Emerging Markets Equity Index Fund; Northern Multi - Manager Emerging Markets Equity Fund; Northern Trust Collective All Country World I (acwi) E-u F-l; Northern Trust Collective Emerging Markets EX Chin; Northern Trust Collective Emerging Markets Index Fund-lend; Northern Trust Investiment Funds Plc; Northern Trust Ucits Fgr Fund; Ntgi QM Common Daily All Count World Exus Equ Index FD Lend; Ntgi Quantitative Management Collec Funds Trust; Ntgi-qm Common Dac World Ex-us Investable Mif - Lending; Ntgi-qm Common Daily Emerging Markets Equity I F- Non L; Oklahoma Public Employees Retirement System; Onepath Global Emerging Markets Shares(unhedged) Index Pool; Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board; Pace Int Emerg Mark Equity Investments; Pacific Select Fund - PD Emerging Markets Portfolio; Panagora Group Trust; Panagora Risk Parity Multi Asset Master Fund, Ltd; Parametric Emerging Markets Fund; Parametric Tax-managed Emerging Markets Fund; Parametric Tmemc Fund, LP; People S Bank of China; Pepsico Inc. Master Retirement Trust; Pgim Funds Public Limited Company; Philadelphia Gas Works Pension Plan; Pictet - Emerging Markets Index; Pictet - Global Megatrend Selection; Pictet - Multi Asset Global Opportunities; Pictet - Timber; Pictet CH Institucional-emerging Markets Tracker; Pimco Equity Series: Pimco Rafi Dynamic Multi-factor Emergin; Pinebridge Esg Quantitative Global Equity Fund; Pioneer Emerging Markets Equity Fund; Platinum Capital Limited; Platinum Global Fund; Platinum Global Opportunities Master Fund Ltd; Platinum International Fund; Platinum Unhedged Fund; Platinum World Portfolios Public Limited Company; Pool Reinsurance Company Limited; Poplar Tree Fund of American Investment Trust; Principal Funds, Inc - Diversified Real Asset Fund; Prudential Assurance Company Singapore (pte) Ltd; Public Employes Ret System of Mississippi; Qic International Equities Fund; Qic Listed Equities Fund; QS Investors Dbi Global Emerging Markets Equity Fund LP; Rbc Quant Emerging Markets Dividend Leaders ETF; Rbc Quant Emerging Markets Equity Leaders ETF; Robeco Capital Growth Funds; Safra Direct Suzano Master FIA; Safra Exportacao Fundo de Investimento em Ações; Sas Trustee Corporation Pooled Fund; Sbc Master Pension Trust; Scottish Widows Investment Solutions Funds Icvc- Fundamental; Scottish Widows Managed Investment Funds Icvc -int; Scri Robeco QI Inst Emerg Mkts Enhanced Ind Equities Fund; Scri-robeco QI Cust Emerg Markets Enhanced Index Equit Fund; Skagen Kon-tiki Verdipapirfond; Southern Company System Master Retirement; Spartan Group Trust for Employee Benefit Plans: SP; Spartan Group Trust for Emplyee Benefit Plans: Spartan Emerg; Stanlib Funds Limited; State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D; State of Wyoming; Stichiting Blue Sky Act EQ em MK GL Fund; Stichting Depositary Apg Emerging Markets Equity Pool; Stichting Juridisch Eigenaar Achmea Investment Man; Stichting Pensioenfonds Pgb; Stichting Philips Pensioenfonds; Sunamerica Series Trust SA Emerging Markets Equity; Sunsuper Superannuation Fund; Superannuation Funds Management Corporation of S Australia; Synergie; T Rowe Price Funds Sicav; T Rowe Price Int Fnds T.Rowe Price L Amer Fun; T. Rowe Price International Growth Equity Trust; T.Rowe P.International Stock Fund; T.Rowe Price Global Allocation Fund, Inc.; T.Rowe Price Int.Serie,inc Trp IN.Stock Portf; T.Rowe Price Retirement Hybrid Trust; Teacher Retirement System of Texas; Teachers Retirement System of Georgia; Teachers Retirement System of the State of Illinois; the Bank of N. Y. M. (int) Ltd as T. of B. D. D. G. Fund; the Bank of N. Y. M. (int) Ltd as T. of I. e. M. e. I. F. UK; the Bank of N. Y. M. (inter) L. as T. of B. B. M. Fund; the Bank of N. Y. M. (inter) L. as T. of B. D. A. Fund; the Bank of N. Y. M. (inter) Ltd as T. of B. B. G. P. F.; the Bank of New York Mellon (international) Limite; the Bank of New York Mellon Emp Ben Collective Invest FD Pla; the Barings e. M. U. Fund, Sub-fund, the Barings L. A. Fund; the Chase Man BK as TR of Delta Master FD; the Commonwealth Fund; the Delta Pilots Disability and Survivorship Trust; the Emerging M.S. of the Dfa I.T.CO.; the Master T B J, Ltd as T of Daiwa Brazil Stock Open-rio WI; the Master T BK of Jpn, Ltd as T of Nikko BR EQ Mother Fund; the Master TR Bank of Japan as TR for Hsbc Brazil Mother FD; the Master Trust Bank of Jap Ltd. as TR. for Mtbj400045829; the Master Trust Bank of Jap, Ltd. as TR. for Mtbj400045828; the Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. as T F Mtbj400045832; the Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. as T. for Mtbj400045835; the Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. as TR for Mutb400045792; the Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. as Tru FO Mtbj400045849; the Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. as Trustee for Mutb4000; the Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. Trustee Mutb400045794; the Monetary Authority of Singapore; the Nomura T and B CO Ltd RE I e S Index Msci e no Hed M Fun; the Public Instituition for Social Security; the Regents of the University of California; the Seventh Swedish National Pension Fund - Ap7 Equity Fund; the Sultanate of Oman Ministry of Defence Pension Fund; the Texas Education Agency; the Young Men S Christian Ass Ret Fund; Threadneedle Investment Funds Icvc - Latin America; Three Mile Island Unit One Qualified Fund; Thrivent Core Emerging Markets Equity Fund; Thrivent International Allocation Fund; Thrivent International Allocation Portfolio; Tiaa-cref Funds - Tiaa-cref Emerging Markets Equity I F; TM Fulcrum Diversified Absolute Return Fund; TM Fulcrum Diversified Liquid Alternatives Fund; Tobam Emerging Markets Fund; Total International EX U.S. I Master Port of Master Inv Port; Treasurer of the ST.of N.Car.Eqt.I.FD.P.TR.; Trinity College Cambridge; Trph Corporation; Tyler Finance LLC; U.S Steel Retirement Plan Trust; Uaw Retiree Medical Benefits Trust; Ui-e - J P Morgan S/A DTVM; Utimco SP II LLC; Valic Company II - International Opportunities Fund; Vanderbilt University; Vanguard Emerging Markets Shares Index Fund; Vanguard Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund; Vanguard Esg International; Vanguard F. T. C. Inst. Total Intl Stock M. Index Trust II; Vanguard Fiduciary Trt Company Instit T Intl Stk Mkt Index T; Vanguard Funds Plc / Vanguard Esg Global All Cap U; Vanguard Funds Public Limited Company; Vanguard Inv Funds Icvc-vanguard Ftse Global All Cap Index F; Vanguard Investment Series Plc; Vanguard Investment Series Plc / Vanguard Esg Emer; Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fd, A SE Van S F; Vanguard Total World Stock Index Fund, A Series of; Variable Insurance Products Fund Ii: International; Verdipapirfondet Klp Aksje Fremvoksende Markeder Indeks I; Versus Capital Real Assets Fund LLC; Votorantim S/A; Voya Emerging Markets Index Portfolio; VY T. Rowe Price International Stock Portfolio; Wells Fargo Factor Enhanced Emerging Markets Portfolio; West Yorkshire Pension Fund; Wisdomtree Emerging Markets Efficient Core Fund; Wisdomtree Emerging Markets Esg Fund; Wisdomtree Emerging Markets Ex-state-owned Enterprises Fund; Wisdomtree Emerging Markets Multifactor Fund; Wisdomtree Issuer Icav; WM Pool - Equities Trust no 74; WM Pool - Equities Trust no. 75; Xtrackers; Xtrackers (ie) Public Limited Company; and Xtrackers Msci Acwi EX Usa Esg Leaders Equity ETF.\n\n\n\n\u200b Sent directly to the Company : Arosa Fundo de Investimento Multimercado Crédito Privado Inv; Constellation 100 Prev FIM Fife; Constellation 70 Previdência Fip Multimercado; Constellation BP 100 Prev FIA Fife; Constellation Bradesco 100 Fife Fundo de Investimento em AC; Constellation Cambara Fundo de Investimento em Ações; Constellation Familia Previdência Fundo de Investimento em A; Constellation Icatu 70 Prev FIM; Constellation Master Fundo de Investimento de Ações; Constellation Qualificado Master Fundo de Investimento de AC; Constellation Reserva Fundo de Investimento em Ações; Constellation Sulamerica Prev Fundo de Investimento Multimer; Fundo de Investimento em Ações Dimoraes; Guilherme Dantas Fernandes Alves; Kiron B Previdência FIA Master Fife; Kiron Institucional Fundo de Investimento em Ações; Kiron Master Fundo de Investimento em Ações; Kiron Master Prev Long Only FIA; Kiron Previdência XP Fie Fundo de Investimento em Ações; Santa FE Aquarius Fundo de Investimento Multimercado; Santa FE Scorpius FIA; Skopos Blue Birds FIA; and Skopos Master Fundo de Investimento em Ações. Extraordinary Shareholders Meeting Shareholders present via the electronic participation system: Agora Arrojada Index FIA; Agora Esmeralda Fundo de Investimento Multimercado; Agora Top 10 Index FIA; Bradesco Auto/RE Companhia de Seguros; Bradesco FI Multimercado Long Short; Bradesco FIA Dividendos; Bradesco FIA Ibovespa Plus; Bradesco FIA IBrX Multipatrocinado; Bradesco FIA Institucional IBrX Ativo; Bradesco FIA Master Dividendos; Bradesco FIA Master Ibovespa; Bradesco FIA Master IBrX; Bradesco FIA Master Previdência; Bradesco FIA Multi Setorial; Bradesco FIA Selecao; Bradesco FIA Selection; Bradesco FIA Super Acao; Bradesco FIA Sustentabilidade Empresarial; Bradesco FIM Crédito Privado Invest no Exterior CH; Bradesco FIM Long and Short; Bradesco FIM Long Biased; Bradesco Fundo de Investimento em Ações Master Long Biased; Bradesco Fundo de Investimento em Ações Master Long Only; Bradesco Fundo de Investimento em Ações Master Previdência I; Bradesco Fundo de Investimento em Ações Zinco; Bradesco Fundo Mútuo de Privatização FGTS CL; Bradesco H FI em Ações Ibovespa; Bradesco H FIA Sri; Bradesco Multiportfolio FMP - FGTS CL; Bradesco Private FIA Ibovespa Alavancado; Bradesco Private FIA Ibovespa Ativo; Bradesco Saude S/A; Bradesco Top Green Index Fife Fundo de Investimento em Ações; Bradesco Vida e Previdência S/A; Bradeseg Participações S/A; Bram Alocação Sistemática FIA Brasil; Bram FIA Ibovespa Ativo; Bram FIA IBrX Ativo; Bram FIA Institucional; Bram FIA Long Only; Bram FIM Ajax; Bram Fundo de Investimento em Ações; Bram Fundo de Investimento em Ações Ibovespa; Bram Fundo de Investimento em Ações Ibrx-50; Bram Fundo de Investimento em Ações Sustentabilidade Empresa; Bram Fundo de Investimento Multimercado Equity Hedge; Bram H FI em Ações Ibovespa Gestao; Bram H FI em Ações Passivo IBrX; Bram H FIA Dividendos; Bram H FIA Institucional; ETF Bradesco Ibovespa Fundo de Índice; FI em Ações Aruba; FIM Crédito Privado IE - 2431; Fundo de Investimento em Ações Ibovespa 157; and Fundo de Investimento em Ações Master Previdência Esg By proxy Ilana Chagas Sanches, CPF: 312.975.138-98 Amundi Esg Global Low Carbon Fund; Amundi Funds; Amundi Index Solutions; Best Investment Corporation; IT Now Ibovespa Fundo de Índice; IT Now Igct Fundo de Índice; IT Now Imat Fundo de Índice; IT Now Ise Fundo de Índice; IT Now Pibb Ibrx-50 Fundo de Índice; Itaú Ações Dividendos FI; Itaú Caixa Ações - Fundo de Investimento; Itaú Dunamis Advanced Fundo de Investimento em Ações; Itaú Dunamis Master Fundo de Investimento em Ações; Itaú Excelencia Social Ações FI; Itaú Ftse Rafi Brazil 50 Capped Index FIA; Itaú Governanca Corporativa Ações - Fundo de Investimento; Itaú Hedge Multimercado FI; Itaú Hedge Plus Multimercado FD Investimento; Itaú Hunter Total Return Multimercado Fundo de Investimento; Itaú Ibovespa Ativo Master FIA; Itaú IBrX Ativo Master FIA; Itaú Index Ações Ibovespa - Fundo de Investimento; Itaú Index Ações IBrX - Fundo de Investimento; Itaú Long and Short Plus Multimercado FI; Itaú Master Global Dinamico Multimercado FI; Itaú Master HU Multimercado FI; Itaú Master Momento Ações Fundo de Investimento; Itaú Momento II Ações Fundo de Investimento; Itaú Multimercado Global Equity Hedge FI; Itaú Multimercado Long and Shorts FI; Itaú Optimus Extreme Multimercado Fundo de Investimento; Itaú Optimus Titan Multimercado Fundo de Investimento; Itaú Phoenix IQ Ações Fundo de Investimento; Itaú Previdência IBrX FIA; Itaú SP/B3 Low Volatility FIA; Itaú Verso U Multimercado FI; Itaú Master Global Dinâmico Ultra Multimercado FI; Itaú Momento Esg Ações Fundo de Investimento; Janus Henderson Emerging Markets Opportunities Fund; Janus Henderson Fund Emerging Markets Fund; Lcl Actions Emergents; Long Bias FIA; Moneda Latin American Equities Fund (delaware LP; Most Diversified Portfolio Sicav; Portfolio Edmond de Rothschild Fund; Priviledge; and Quantamental Hedge Master FIM By proxy Christiano Marques de Godoy, CPF: 250.152.388-19 Ascese Fundo de Investimento em Ações; Dynamo Brasil I LLC; Dynamo Brasil III LLC; Dynamo Brasil IX LLC; Dynamo Brasil V LLC; Dynamo Brasil VI LLC; Dynamo Brasil VIII LLC; Dynamo Brasil XIV LLC; Dynamo Brasil XV LP; and Dynamo Cougar Master - FIA By proxy Bruno Pinheiro Lima Rapparini Soares, CPF: 124.296.687-00 and Gabriel Vieira Marx Andrade, CPF: 132.354.527-10 Alden Fundo de Investimento em Ações; Daniel Feffer; David Feffer; Fundacao Arymax; Jorge Feffer; Polpar S/A; Ruben Feffer; and Suzano Holding S A By proxy Maria Cecília Castro Neves Ipiña, CPF: 938.418.767-49; the Bank of New York ADR Department By proxy Christiano Marques de Godoy, CPF: 250.152.388-19; Prisma Fundo de Investimento de Ações By proxy Caio Cezar Monteiro Ramalho, CPF: 047.633.017-30; Shareholders present by means of a distance voting ballot: By bookkeeper : 1895 Fonds Fgr; AB Bond Fund, Inc. - AB All Market Real Return Portfolio; Aberdeen Investment Funds UK Icvc II - Aberdeen em; Abu Dhabi Retirement Pensions and Benefits Fund; Advanced Series Trust - Ast J.P. Morgan S O Portfolio; Advanced Series Trust - Ast Mfs G. A. P.; Advanced Series Trust - Ast Prudential Flexible M-s P; Advanced Series Trust - Ast Prudential Growth Allocation Por; Advanced Series Trust - Ast T. Rowe Price Diversified R G P; Advanced Series Trust - Ast T. Rowe Price Growth Opp. Portf.; Aegon Custody BV; Aegon Custody BV RE MM Emerging Markets Fund; Agfiq Emerging Markets Equity ETF; Alaska Common Trust Fund; Alaska Permanent Fund; Alberta Investment Management Corporation; Alliancebernstein Collective Investment Trust Series; Allianz GL Investors Gmbh ON Behalf of Allianzgi-fonds Dspt; American Century Retirement Date Trust; American Century World Mutual Fd,inc-nt Emerging Markets FD; American Century World Mutual Funds, Inc Emerg Markets Fund; American Heart Association, Inc.; Andra Ap-fonden; Arero - Der Weltfonds -nachhaltig; Aria CO Pty Ltd as Trustee for Combined Investments Fund; Arizona Psprs Trust; Ascension Alpha Fund, LLC; Asset Management Exchange Ucits Ccf; Ataulfo LLC; Australiansuper Pty Ltd as Trustee for Australiasuper; Barclays Multi-manager Fund Public Limited Company; Baron Collective Investment Trust; Baron Emerging Markets Fund; Baron Emerging Markets Fund Ltd.; Baron International Growth Fund; Barra Fundo de Investimento em Ações; Barthe Holdings LLC; Bellsouth Corporation Rfa Veba Trust; Betashares Climate Change Innovation ETF; Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation Trust; Bimcor Global Equity Pooled Fund; Blackrock A. M. S. AG ON B. of I. e. M. e. I. F. (ch); Blackrock Asset Manag IR LT I Its Cap A M F T Bkr I S FD; Blackrock Cdn Msci Emerging Markets Index Fund; Blackrock Global Funds; Blackrock Global Index Funds; Blackrock Institutional Trust Company na; Blackrock Latin America Fund Inc; Blackrock Latin American Investment Trust Plc; Blackrock Life Limited - DC Overseas Equity Fund; Blackrock Strategic Funds - Blackrock Dynamic Diversifi; Blackrock Strategic Funds - Blackrock Emerging Markets e S F; Blk Magi Fund; Bmo Msci Emerging Markets Index ETF; Bnym Mellon CF SL Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund; Board of Pensions of the Evangelical Lutheran Church IN Amer; BP Pension Fund; Bpi Brasil, Fundo de Investimento Aberto Flexivel; British Columbia Investment Management Corporation; Bureau of Labor Funds - Labor Pension Fund; Bureau of Labor Funds - Labor Retirement Fund; Caisse de Depot ET Placement DU Quebec; California Public Employees Retirement System; California State Teachers Retirement System; Canada Post Corporation Registered Pension Plan; Central Provident Fund Board; Chang Hwa CO Bank, Ltd IN Its C as M Cust of N B Fund; Chang Hwa Com BK Ltd IN Its Cap as M Cust of P Lat A EQ FD; Chevron UK Pension Plan; Cibc Emerging Markets Equity Index ETF; Cibc Emerging Markets Index Fund; Cititrust Lim as TR of Black Premier Fds- Ish Wor Equ Ind FD; Cititrust Ltd A T Vang Fds S - Vanguard Moderate Growth Fund; Cititrust Ltd A T Vanguard Fds Series Vanguard Income Fund; City of Los Angeles Fire and Police Pension Plan; City of New York Deferred Compensation Plan; City of New York Group Trust; Civil Aviation Authority Pension Scheme; Clinton Nuclear Power Plant Qualified Fund; Cmla International Share Fund; College Retirement Equities Fund; Colonial First State Investment Fund 10; Colonial First State Investment Fund 50; Colonial First State Wholesale Indexed Global Shar; Colorado Public Employees Ret. Association; Columbia em Core Ex-china ETF; Commingled Pen TR FD (activebuilders em Mkts Eq) of Jpmcb na; Commingled Pension Trust Fund (gl Emerging Mkt Opp) of Jpm; Commingled Pension Trust Fund Emerging Markets Research Enha; Commonwealth Emerging Markets Fund 6; Commonwealth Global Share Fund 16; Commonwealth Global Share Fund 22; Commonwealth Global Share Fund 23; Commonwealth Specialist Fund 4; Commonwealth Superannuation Corporation; Connecticut General Life Insurance Company; Construction Building Unions Super Fund; Consulting Group Capital Mkts Funds Emer Markets Equity Fund; County Employees Annuity and Benefit FD of the Cook County; Custody B. of J. Ltd. Re: Stb D. B. S. M. F.; Custody B. of J. Ltd. Re: Stb D. e. e. F. I. M. F.; Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. as TR F Hsbc Brazil New MO Fund; Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. Re: Emerg Equity Passive Mothr F; Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. Re: Rtb Nikko B. e. A. M. F.; Custody Bank of Japan, Ltd. Stb Brazil Stock M. F.; Danske Invest Sicav; Dela Depositary Asset Management B.V.; Delaware Pooled Trust - Macquarie e. M. P.; Desjardins RI Emerging Markets - Low Co2 Index ETF; Deutsche Asset Management S.A. for Arero - Der Wel; Deutsche Asset Wealth Management Investment Gmbh for D Gpf; Deutsche Invest I Brazilian Equities; Deutsche X-trackers Msci All World EX US Hedged Equity ETF; Dimensional Emerging Core Equity Market ETF of Dim; Diversified Real Asset Cit; Durham County Council Pension Fund; Dws Advisors Emerging Markets Equities-passive; Dws I. Gmbh for Deam-fonds Kg-pensionen; Dws Invest Latin American Equities; Dws Latin America Equity Fund; Eastspring Investments; Eaton Vance Int (ir) F Plc-eaton V Int (ir) Par em Mkt Fund; Eaton Vance TR CO CO TR FD - PA Str em Mkts EQ Com TR FD; Emer Mkts Core EQ Port Dfa Invest Dimens Grou; Emerging Markets Equity Index Esg Screened Fund B; Emerging Markets Equity Index Master Fund; Emerging Markets Fund; Emerging Markets Great Consumer Fund; Emerging Markets Index Non-lendable Fund; Emerging Markets Index Non-lendable Fund B; Employees Retirement System of Georgia; EQ/Emerging Markets Equity Plus Portfolio; Eurizon Capital Sgr S.P.A; European Central Bank; Evtc Cit Fof Ebp-evtc Parametric Sem Core Equity Fund TR; Exelon Generation Comp, LLC Tax Qualified Nuclear Decomm Par; FI CE I PO LLC Fidelity Emerging Markets Equity Central Fund; Fiam Group Trust for Employee Benefit Plans; Fiam Group Trust for Employee Benefit Plans: Fiam; Fiam Select Emerging Markets Equity Fund, LP; Fideicomiso Fae; Fidelity Concord Street Trust: Fidelity Zero Int. Index Fund; Fidelity Emerging Markets Equity Multi-asset Base Fund; Fidelity Emerging Markets Opportunities Institutio; Fidelity Institutional Funds Icvc - Select em MA EQ Fund; Fidelity Invest Trust Latin America Fund; Fidelity Invest Trust: Fidelity Series Emerg Mark Opport Fun; Fidelity Investment Funds Fidelity Index Emerg Markets Fund; Fidelity Investment Trust: Fidelity Global Commodity Stock F; Fidelity Investment Trust: Fidelity Series Emergin; Fidelity Investment Trust: Fidelity Total Emerging Markets F; Fidelity Investments Money Management Inc; Fidelity Investmet Trust: Fidelity Emerging Markets Discover; Fidelity Rutland Square Trust Ii: Strategic A e M Fund; Fidelity Rutland Square Trust Ii: Strategic Advise; Fidelity Salem Street T: Fidelity e M Index Fund; Fidelity Salem Street T: Fidelity G EX U.S Index Fund; Fidelity Salem Street T: Fidelity Total Inte Index Fund; Fidelity Salem Street Trust: Fidelity Flex International Ind; Fidelity Salem Street Trust: Fidelity Sai Emerging M I Fund; Fidelity Salem Street Trust: Fidelity Series G EX US I FD; Fidelity Salem Street Trust: Fidelity Strat Real Return Fund; Fidelity Select Emerging Markets Equity Institutional Trust; Fidelity Select Global Plus All Cap Equity Institutional Tru; First Trust Bick Index Fund; First Trust Brazil Alphadex Fund; First Trust Latin America Alphadex Fund; First Trust Riverfront Dynamic Emerging Markets ETF; Flexshares Emerging Markets Low Volatility Climate; Flexshares Morningstar Emerging Markets Factor Tilt Index F; Flexshares Morningstar Global Upstream Resources Index Fund; Florida Retirement System Trust Fund; Fondo Pensione Laborfonds; Ford Motor CO Defined Benef Master Trust; Ford Motor Company of Canada, L Pension Trust; Forsta Ap-fonden; Franklin Libertyshares Icav; Franklin Templeton ETF Trust - Franklin Ftse Brazi; Franklin Templeton ETF Trust - Franklin Ftse Latin; Freedom 100 Emerging Markets ETF; Fulcrum Liquid Real Assets Fund; Fundpartner Solutions (suisse) SA - Turicum - Aktien - Und I; Future Fund Board of Guardians; Gallery Trust - Mondrian e. M. Value Equity Fund; General Organisation for Social Insurance; General Pension and Social Security Authority; Global Emerging Markets Balance Portfolio; Global Macro Capital Opportunities Portfolio; Gmo Climate Change Fund, A Series of Gmo Trust; Gmo Climate Change Investment Fund, A Sub-fund of; Gmo Resources Fund, A Series of Gmo Trust; Gmo Resources Ucits Fund, A Sub-fund of Gmo Invest; Goldman Sachs ETF Icav Acting Solely ON Behalf of; Goldman Sachs ETF Trust - Goldman S Activebeta e M e ETF; Goldman Sachs ETF Trust - Goldman Sachs Emerging M; Government of Singapore; Guidemark Emerging Markets Fund; H.e.S.T. Australia Limited; HC Capital Trust the Emerging Markets Portfolio; Houston Municipal Employees Pension System; Hsbc Bank Plc as Trustee of State Street Aut Emerg; Ibm 401 (k) Plus Plan; Illinois Municipal Retirement Fund; Imco Emerging Markets Public Equity LP; IN BK for Rec and Dev,as TR FT ST Ret Plan and TR/Rsbp AN TR; International Expatriate Benefit Master Trust; International Monetary Fund; International Research Equity Extended Fund Usb, L; Internationale Kapita. Mbh Acting for Acc. Vgv Poolfonds Eme; Invesco Cleantech ETF; Invesco Markets III Plc - Inv Ftse RI Emerging Mark U ETF; Invesco Msci Global Timber ETF; Invesco Purebetasm Ftse Emerging Markets ETF; Invesco Rafi Fundamental Global Index Trust; Invesco Strategic Emerging Markets ETF; Investeringsforeningen Nordea Invest Emerging Mkts e. KL; Investors Wholesale Emerging Markets Equities Trust; Irish Life Assurance Plc; Ishares (de) I Investmentaktiengesellschaft Mit TG; Ishares Core Msci Emerging Markets ETF; Ishares Core Msci Total International Stock ETF; Ishares Emerging Markets Fundamental Index ETF; Ishares Emerging Markets Imi Equity Index Fund; Ishares Global Timber Forestry ETF; Ishares II Public Limited Company; Ishares III Public Limited Company; Ishares IV Public Limited Company; Ishares Msci Acwi ETF; Ishares Msci Acwi EX U.S. ETF; Ishares Msci Brazil ETF; Ishares Msci Bric ETF; Ishares Msci Emerging Markets ETF; Ishares Msci Emerging Markets EX China ETF; Ishares Public Limited Company; Itaú Funds - Latin America Equity Fund; Ivesco Ftse Rafi Emerging Markets ETF; J P Morgan Investment Funds; J.P. Morgan Trust Company (jersey) L. as T. of B. I J. Funds; Jeffrey LLC; Jnl Emerging Markets Index Fund; Jnl/Jpmorgan Global Allocation Fund; John Hancock Emerging Markets Equity Fund; John Hancock Funds II Emerging Markets Fund; John Hancock Funds II International Strategic Equity Allocat; John Hancock Trust Company Collective Investment T; John Hancock Variable Ins Trust Intern Equity Index Trust; JP Morgan Diversidied Fund; JP Morgan Emerging Markets Opportunities; Jpmorgan Emerging Markets Equity Core ETF; Jpmorgan Emerging Markets Research Enhanced Equity Fund; Jpmorgan Etfs (ireland) Icav; Jpmorgan Funds; Jpmorgan Global Allocation Fund; Kaiser Foundation Hospitals; Kaiser Permanente Group Trust; Kapitalforeningen Emd Invest, Emerging Markets Ind; Kapitalforeningen Laegernes Pensionsinvestering, Lpi Aem III; Kapitalforeningen Pensam Invest, Psi 3 Globale Aktier 3; Knights of Columbus International Equity Fund; Kraneshares Msci Emerging Markets EX China Index e; Laerernes Pension Forsikringsaktieselskab; Leblon 70 Brasilprev Fundo de Investimento Multimercado Fife; Leblon Ações I Master FIA; Leblon Ações II Master FIA; Leblon Equities Institucional I Fundo de Investimento de Aco; Leblon Icatu Previdência FIM; Leblon Prev FIM Fife; Legal & General Icav; Legal & General International Index Trust; Legal and General Assurance Pensions Mng Ltd; Legal General Ccf; Legal General Collective Investment Trust; Legal General Global Emerging Markets Index Fund; Legal General Global Equity Index Fund; Lgiasuper Trustee; Lgps Central Emerging Markets Equity Active Multi; Los Angeles County Employees Ret Association; Lvip Ssga Emerging Markets Equity Index Fund; Mackenzie Maximum Diversification Emerging Markets Index ETF; Macquarie Multi-factor Fund; Macquarie True Index Emerging Markets Fund; Managed Pension Funds Limited; Manulife Emerging Markets Fund; Manulife Investment Manag Emerging Markets Equity Pooled Fun; Manulife Investment Management II Icav; Manulife Sobeys Mfs Emerging Markets Fund UT; Maryland State Retirement and Pension System; Massmutual Select T. Rowe Price International Equi; Master Trust for Certain Tax-qualified Bechtel Retirement PL; Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center; Mercer Private Wealth International Focused Equity Pool; Mercer Qif Fund Plc; Mercer Ucits Common Contractual Fund; Mfs Emerging Markets Equity Fund; Mfs Emerging Markets Equity Fund (can); Mfs Emerging Markets Equity Research Fund; Mfs Emerging Markets Equity Trust; Mfs Heritage Trust Company Collective Investment Trust; Mfs International New Discovery Fund; Mfs Meridian Funds - Emerging Markets Equity Fund; Mfs Meridian Funds - Emerging Markets Equity Resea; Mfs Meridian Funds - Latin American Equity Fund; Mfs Variable Insurance Trust II -mfs e M Equity Portfolio; Ministry of Economy and Finance; Mirae Asset Gem Great Consumer Equity Fund; Mirae Asset Global Discovery Fund; Mlc Masterkey Unit Trust Mlc PL Global Fund; Mobius Life Limited; Momentum Global Funds; Mondrian All Countries World EX US EQ Fund LP; Mondrian Emerging Markets Equity Esg Fund, L.P.; Mondrian Emerging Markets Equity Fund; Mondrian Emerging Markets Equity Fund (irl); Mondrian Emerging Markets Equity Fund, LP; Mondrian Emerging Markets Equity Parallel Fund, L.P.; Mondrian Master Collective Investment Trust; Morgan Stanley Invest. Funds G. Balanced Sustainable Fund; Morgan Stanley Investment Funds Global Balanced Defensive FU; Morgan Stanley Investment Funds Global Balanced Fund; Morgan Stanley Investment Funds Global Balanced Income Fund; Msci Acwi Ex-u.S. Imi Index Fund B2; Msci Equity Index Fund B - Brazil; Multipartner Sicav; Municipal e Annuity A B Fund of Chicago; Nat West BK Plc as TR of ST James PL ST Managed Unit Trust; National Council for Social Security Fund; National Employment Savings Trust; New South Walles TR Corp as TR for the TC Emer Mkt Shar Fund; New York Life Insurance and Annuity Corporation; New York State Common Retirement Fund; New York State Teachers Retirement System; New Zealand Superannuation Fund; NN (l); NN Paraplufonds 1 N.V; Nomura Funds Ireland Plc - American Century Emergi; Nomura Funds Ireland Plc - American Century Emergi; Nordea 1, Sicav- Nordea 1- Latin American Equity Fund; Nordea 2 Sicav; Nordea Equity Opportunities Fund; Norges Bank; Northern Emerging Markets Equity Index Fund; Northern Multi - Manager Emerging Markets Equity Fund; Northern Trust Collective All Country World I (acwi) E-u F-l; Northern Trust Collective Emerging Markets EX Chin; Northern Trust Collective Emerging Markets Index Fund-lend; Northern Trust Investiment Funds Plc; Northern Trust Ucits Fgr Fund; Ntgi QM Common Daily All Count World Exus Equ Index FD Lend; Ntgi Quantitative Management Collec Funds Trust; Ntgi-qm Common Dac World Ex-us Investable Mif - Lending; Ntgi-qm Common Daily Emerging Markets Equity I F- Non L; Oklahoma Public Employees Retirement System; Onepath Global Emerging Markets Shares(unhedged) Index Pool; Ontario Teachers Pension Plan Board; Oregon Public Employees Retirement System; Pace Int Emerg Mark Equity Investments; Pacific Capital Ucits Funds Plc; Pacific Select Fund - PD Emerging Markets Portfolio; Panagora Group Trust; Panagora Risk Parity Multi Asset Master Fund, Ltd; Parametric Emerging Markets Fund; Parametric Tax-managed Emerging Markets Fund; Parametric Tmemc Fund, LP; People S Bank of China; Pepsico Inc. Master Retirement Trust; Pgim Funds Public Limited Company; Philadelphia Gas Works Pension Plan; Pictet - Emerging Markets Index; Pictet - Global Megatrend Selection; Pictet - Multi Asset Global Opportunities; Pictet - Timber; Pictet CH Institucional-emerging Markets Tracker; Pimco Equity Series: Pimco Rafi Dynamic Multi-factor Emergin; Pinebridge Esg Quantitative Global Equity Fund; Pioneer Emerging Markets Equity Fund; Platinum Capital Limited; Platinum Global Fund; Platinum Global Opportunities Master Fund Ltd; Platinum International Fund; Platinum Unhedged Fund; Platinum World Portfolios Public Limited Company; Pool Reinsurance Company Limited; Poplar Tree Fund of American Investment Trust; Principal Funds, Inc - Diversified Real Asset Fund; Prudential Assurance Company Singapore (pte) Ltd; Public Employees Retirement Association of New Mex; Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio; Public Employes Ret System of Mississippi; Public Sector Pension Investment Board; Qic International Equities Fund; Qic Listed Equities Fund; QS Investors Dbi Global Emerging Markets Equity Fund LP; Rbc Quant Emerging Markets Dividend Leaders ETF; Rbc Quant Emerging Markets Equity Leaders ETF; Robeco Capital Growth Funds; Russell Institutional Funds Public Limited Company; Russell Investment Company Public Limited Company; Russell Investment Management Ltd as Trustee of the Russell; Russell Investment Management Ltd.as T of the R M-a F e Fund; Russell Investments Sustainable Global Shares EX F; Safra Direct Suzano Master FIA; Safra Exportacao Fundo de Investimento em Ações; Sas Trustee Corporation Pooled Fund; Sbc Master Pension Trust; Schwab Emerging Markets Equity ETF; Schwab Fundamental Emerg0ing Markets Large Company Index ETF; Schwab Fundamental Emerging Markets Large Company Index Fund; Scottish Widows Investment Solutions Funds Icvc- Fundamental; Scottish Widows Managed Investment Funds Icvc -int; Scri Robeco QI Inst Emerg Mkts Enhanced Ind Equities Fund; Scri-robeco QI Cust Emerg Markets Enhanced Index Equit Fund; Skagen Kon-tiki Verdipapirfond; Southern Company System Master Retirement; Spartan Group Trust for Employee Benefit Plans: SP; Spartan Group Trust for Emplyee Benefit Plans: Spartan Emerg; Spdr Bloomberg Sasb Emerging Markets Esg Select ET; Spdr Msci Acwi Ex-us ETF; Spdr Msci Emerging Markets Fossil Fuel Free ETF; Spdr Msci Emerging Markets Strategicfactors ETF; Spdr SP Emerging Markets ETF; Ssga Msci Acwi Ex-usa Index Non-lending Daily Trust; Ssga Msci Brazil Index Non-lending QP Common Trust Fund; Ssga Spdr Etfs Europe I Plc; ST Str Msci Acwi EX Usa Imi Screened Non-lending Comm TR FD; Stanlib Funds Limited; State of Minnesota State Employees Ret Plan; State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D; State of Wyoming; State ST GL Adv Trust Company Inv FF Tax EX Ret Plans; State Street Emerging Markets Equity Index Fund; State Street Global Advisors Lux Sicav - S S G e M I e Fund; State Street Global All Cap Equity Ex-us Index Portfolio; State Street Icav; State Street Ireland Unit Trust; State Street Variable Insurance Series Funds, Inc; Stichiting Blue Sky Act EQ em MK GL Fund; Stichting Depositary Apg Emerging Markets Equity Pool; Stichting Juridisch Eigenaar Achmea Investment Man; Stichting Pensioenfonds Ing; Stichting Pensioenfonds Pgb; Stichting Philips Pensioenfonds; Storebrand Sicav; Sunamerica Series Trust SA Emerging Markets Equity; Sunsuper Superannuation Fund; Superannuation Funds Management Corporation of S Australia; Synergie; T Rowe Price Funds Sicav; T Rowe Price Int Fnds T.Rowe Price L Amer Fun; T. Rowe Price International Growth Equity Trust; T.Rowe P.International Stock Fund; T.Rowe Price Global Allocation Fund, Inc.; T.Rowe Price Int.Serie,inc Trp IN.Stock Portf; T.Rowe Price Retirement Hybrid Trust; Teacher Retirement System of Texas; Teachers Retirement System of Georgia; Teachers Retirement System of the State of Illinois; the Bank of N. Y. M. (int) Ltd as T. of B. D. D. G. Fund; the Bank of N. Y. M. (int) Ltd as T. of I. e. M. e. I. F. UK; the Bank of N. Y. M. (inter) L. as T. of B. B. M. Fund; the Bank of N. Y. M. (inter) L. as T. of B. D. A. Fund; the Bank of N. Y. M. (inter) Ltd as T. of B. B. G. P. F.; the Bank of New York Mellon (international) Limite; the Bank of New York Mellon Emp Ben Collective Invest FD Pla; the Barings e. M. U. Fund, Sub-fund, the Barings L. A. Fund; the Board of the Pension Protection Fund; the Chase Man BK as TR of Delta Master FD; the Commonwealth Fund; the Delta Pilots Disability and Survivorship Trust; the Emerging M.S. of the Dfa I.T.CO.; the Master T B J, Ltd as T of Daiwa Brazil Stock Open-rio WI; the Master T BK of Jpn, Ltd as T of Nikko BR EQ Mother Fund; the Master TR Bank of Japan as TR for Hsbc Brazil Mother FD; the Master Trt BK Jpn Trustee of Jpm Brics5 Mother Fund; the Master Trust Bank of Jap Ltd. as TR. for Mtbj400045829; the Master Trust Bank of Jap, Ltd. as TR. for Mtbj400045828; the Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. as T F Mtbj400045832; the Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. as T of Mutb400021492; the Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. as T of Mutb400021536; the Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. as T. for Mtbj400045835; the Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. as TR for Mutb400045792; the Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. as Tru FO Mtbj400045849; the Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. as Trustee for Mutb4000; the Master Trust Bank of Japan, Ltd. Trustee Mutb400045794; the Monetary Authority of Singapore; the Nomura T and B CO Ltd RE I e S Index Msci e no Hed M Fun; the North Carolina Supplemental Retirement Plans G; the Public Instituition for Social Security; the Regents of the University of California; the Seventh Swedish National Pension Fund - Ap7 Equity Fund; the Sultanate of Oman Ministry of Defence Pension Fund; the Texas Education Agency; the Young Men S Christian Ass Ret Fund; Threadneedle Investment Funds Icvc - Latin America; Three Mile Island Unit One Qualified Fund; Thrivent Core Emerging Markets Equity Fund; Thrivent International Allocation Fund; Thrivent International Allocation Portfolio; Tiaa-cref Funds - Tiaa-cref Emerging Markets Equity I F; TM Fulcrum Diversified Absolute Return Fund; TM Fulcrum Diversified Liquid Alternatives Fund; Tobam Emerging Markets Fund; Total International EX U.S. I Master Port of Master Inv Port; Treasurer of the ST.of N.Car.Eqt.I.FD.P.TR.; Trinity College Cambridge; Trph Corporation; Tyler Finance LLC; U.S Steel Retirement Plan Trust; Uaw Retiree Medical Benefits Trust; Ui-e - J P Morgan S/A DTVM; Utah State Retirement Systems; Utimco SP II LLC; Valic Company II - International Opportunities Fund; Vanderbilt University; Vaneck Vectors Natural Resources ETF; Vanguard Emerging Markets Shares Index Fund; Vanguard Emerging Markets Stock Index Fund; Vanguard Esg International; Vanguard F. T. C. Inst. Total Intl Stock M. Index Trust II; Vanguard Fiduciary Trt Company Instit T Intl Stk Mkt Index T; Vanguard Funds Plc / Vanguard Esg Global All Cap U; Vanguard Funds Public Limited Company; Vanguard Inv Funds Icvc-vanguard Ftse Global All Cap Index F; Vanguard Investment Series Plc; Vanguard Investment Series Plc / Vanguard Esg Emer; Vanguard Total International Stock Index Fd, A SE Van S F; Vanguard Total World Stock Index Fund, A Series of; Variable Insurance Products Fund Ii: International; Verdipapirfondet Klp Aksje Fremvoksende Markeder Indeks I; Versus Capital Real Assets Fund LLC; Votorantim S/A; Voya Emerging Markets Index Portfolio; VY T. Rowe Price International Stock Portfolio; Washington State Investment Board; Wellington Trust Company, National Association Mul; Wells Fargo Factor Enhanced Emerging Markets Portfolio; West Yorkshire Pension Fund; Wisdomtree Emerging Markets Efficient Core Fund; Wisdomtree Emerging Markets Esg Fund; Wisdomtree Emerging Markets Ex-state-owned Enterprises Fund; Wisdomtree Emerging Markets Multifactor Fund; Wisdomtree Issuer Icav; WM Pool - Equities Trust no 74; WM Pool - Equities Trust no. 75; Xtrackers; Xtrackers (ie) Public Limited Company; and Xtrackers Msci Acwi EX Usa Esg Leaders Equity ETF\n\n\n\n\u200b Sent directly to the Company : Arosa Fundo de Investimento Multimercado Crédito Privado Inv; Constellation 100 Prev FIM Fife; Constellation 70 Previdência Fip Multimercado; Constellation BP 100 Prev FIA Fife; Constellation Bradesco 100 Fife Fundo de Investimento em AC; Constellation Cambara Fundo de Investimento em Ações; Constellation Familia Previdência Fundo de Investimento em A; Constellation Icatu 70 Prev FIM; Constellation Master Fundo de Investimento de Ações; Constellation Qualificado Master Fundo de Investimento de AC; Constellation Reserva Fundo de Investimento em Ações; Constellation Sulamerica Prev Fundo de Investimento Multimer; Fundo de Investimento em Ações Dimoraes; Guilherme Dantas Fernandes Alves; Kiron B Previdência FIA Master Fife; Kiron Institucional Fundo de Investimento em Ações; Kiron Master Fundo de Investimento em Ações; Kiron Master Prev Long Only FIA; Kiron Previdência XP Fie Fundo de Investimento em Ações; Santa FE Aquarius Fundo de Investimento Multimercado; Santa FE Scorpius FIA; Skopos Blue Birds FIA; and Skopos Master Fundo de Investimento em Ações Attachments Original Link\n\nOriginal Document\n\nPermalink Disclaimer Suzano SA published this content on 26 April 2022 and is solely responsible for the information contained therein. Distributed by Public, unedited and unaltered, on 26 April 2022 10:09:28 UTC.\n\n© Publicnow 2022 All news about SUZANO S.A. 09:03a SUZANO S A : NOTICE TO SHAREHOLDERS - Form 6-K PU 06:11a SUZANO S A : MINUTES OF THE ANNUAL ORDINARY AND EXTRAORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS\' MEETING HELD O.. PU 04/11 SUZANO S A : ANNUAL ORDINARY AND EXTRAORDINARY SHAREHOLDER\'S MEETINGS - Form 6-K PU 04/11 SUZANO S A : NOTICE TO THE MARKET - Form 6-K PU 04/05 SUZANO S A : Presentation | Bradesco BBI 8th Brazil Investment Forum PU 03/30 TRANSCRIPT : Suzano S.A. - Analyst/Investor Day CI 03/30 SUZANO S A : Presentation | 2022 Suzano Day PU 03/25 SUZANO S A : CALL NOTICE ANNUAL ORDINARY AND EXTRAORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS\' MEETING - Form 6-.. PU 03/25 SUZANO S A : MINUTES OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS\' MEETING - Form 6-K PU 03/07 SUZANO S A : Presentation | JP Morgan 2022 Global Emerging Markets Corporate Conference PU Analyst Recommendations on SUZANO S.A. 01/25 JPMorgan Downgrades Suzano SA to Neutral From Overweight MT 2021 SUZANO S A : Morgan Stanley Upgrades Suzano to Overweight Rating From Equal-Weight MT', 'image': 'https://www.marketscreener.com/images/twitter_MS_fdblanc.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:27'}

{'title': 'Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. stock falls Tuesday, underperforms market', 'keywords': ['falling', 'yum', 'volume', 'falls', 'jones', 'trading', 'underperforms', 'fell'], 'polarity': -0.0211, 'subjectivity': 0.1336, 'link': 'https://www.marketwatch.com/story/chipotle-mexican-grill-inc-stock-falls-tuesday-underperforms-market-01651005869-c51bd6b949f9', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:57', 'summary': "Shares of Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. CMG, -5.13% slipped 5.13% to $1,438.21 Tuesday, on what proved to be an all-around rough trading session for the stock market, with the S&P 500 Index SPX, -2.81% falling 2.81% to 4,175.20 and Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -2.38% falling 2.38% to 33,240.18.\nChipotle Mexican Grill Inc. closed $520.34 short of its 52-week high ($1,958.55), which the company reached on September 23rd.\nThe stock underperformed when compared to some of its competitors Tuesday, as McDonald's Corp. MCD, -1.70% fell 1.70% to $248.58, Yum!\nBrands Inc. YUM, -3.78% fell 3.78% to $116.69, and Domino's Pizza Inc. DPZ, -2.23% fell 2.23% to $369.73.\nTrading volume (416,240) eclipsed its 50-day average volume of 255,639.", 'channel': 'marketwatch.com', 'text': "Shares of Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. CMG, -5.13% slipped 5.13% to $1,438.21 Tuesday, on what proved to be an all-around rough trading session for the stock market, with the S&P 500 Index SPX, -2.81% falling 2.81% to 4,175.20 and Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -2.38% falling 2.38% to 33,240.18. Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. closed $520.34 short of its 52-week high ($1,958.55), which the company reached on September 23rd.\n\nThe stock underperformed when compared to some of its competitors Tuesday, as McDonald's Corp. MCD, -1.70% fell 1.70% to $248.58, Yum! Brands Inc. YUM, -3.78% fell 3.78% to $116.69, and Domino's Pizza Inc. DPZ, -2.23% fell 2.23% to $369.73. Trading volume (416,240) eclipsed its 50-day average volume of 255,639.\n\nEditor's Note: This story was auto-generated by Automated Insights, an automation technology provider, using data from Dow Jones and FactSet. See our market data terms of use.", 'image': 'https://images.mktw.net/im-220105/social', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:57'}
{'title': 'Power Corp. of Canada stock falls Tuesday, underperforms market', 'keywords': ['volume', 'shares', 'falls', '153', 'trading', 'data', '170'], 'polarity': -0.014, 'subjectivity': 0.224, 'link': 'https://www.marketwatch.com/story/power-corp-of-canada-stock-falls-tuesday-underperforms-market-01651005254-d713c22c9a49', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:17', 'summary': "Shares of Power Corp. of Canada POW, -1.70% dropped 1.70% to C$37.64 Tuesday, in what proved to be an all-around rough trading session for the Canadian market, with the S&P/TSX Composite Index GSPTSE, -1.53% falling 1.53% to 20,690.81.\nThis was the stock's fourth consecutive day of losses.\nPower Corp. of Canada closed C$6.89 below its 52-week high (C$44.53), which the company reached on August 31st.\nTrading volume of 1.6 M shares remained below its 50-day average volume of 2.7 M.Editor's Note: This story was auto-generated by Automated Insights, an automation technology provider, using data from Dow Jones and FactSet.\nSee our market data terms of use.", 'channel': 'marketwatch.com', 'text': "Shares of Power Corp. of Canada POW, -1.70% dropped 1.70% to C$37.64 Tuesday, in what proved to be an all-around rough trading session for the Canadian market, with the S&P/TSX Composite Index GSPTSE, -1.53% falling 1.53% to 20,690.81. This was the stock's fourth consecutive day of losses. Power Corp. of Canada closed C$6.89 below its 52-week high (C$44.53), which the company reached on August 31st. Trading volume of 1.6 M shares remained below its 50-day average volume of 2.7 M.\n\nEditor's Note: This story was auto-generated by Automated Insights, an automation technology provider, using data from Dow Jones and FactSet. See our market data terms of use.", 'image': 'https://images.mktw.net/im-220105/social', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:17'}

{'title': "Nicaragua announces withdrawal from Organization of American States despite bloc's objections", 'keywords': ['international', 'states', 'office', 'nicaraguas', 'ortega', 'rights', 'announces', 'objections', 'united', 'organization', 'oas', 'despite', 'ortegas', 'withdrawal', 'blocs'], 'polarity': 0.0141, 'subjectivity': 0.2124, 'link': 'https://www.france24.com/en/americas/20220425-nicaragua-says-it-has-withdrawn-from-pan-american-region-bloc-sparking-protest', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:00', 'summary': "Nicaragua's government on Sunday said it had completed its withdrawal from the Organization of American States (OAS), a move the group swiftly decried as violating international norms and unable to go into effect for another year.\nAdvertising Read moreNicaragua's government also said it had closed the local OAS office and revoked the credentials of several OAS representatives as part of an “unwavering decision” to leave the organization.\nThe OAS also said that Nicaraguan officials had “illegitimately occupied” the OAS office in the capital of Managua, and warned that they could be held responsible internationally.\nNicaragua has frequently described the Washington-based OAS as interventionist and controlled by the United States.\nThe United States and the European Union have called last year's election illegitimate, and have pressed Ortega to hold new elections and release more than 160 prisoners.", 'channel': 'france24.com', 'text': 'A woman walks next to the office of Nicaragua\'s Permanent Commission on Human Rights (CPDH), closed after the country\'s parliament shut down 25 non-governmental organisations that have been critical of the government.\n\nNicaragua\'s government on Sunday said it had completed its withdrawal from the Organization of American States (OAS), a move the group swiftly decried as violating international norms and unable to go into effect for another year.\n\nAdvertising Read more\n\nNicaragua\'s government also said it had closed the local OAS office and revoked the credentials of several OAS representatives as part of an “unwavering decision” to leave the organization.\n\nNicaragua began the process to leave the 35-member OAS in November, shortly after President Daniel Ortega\'s election to a fourth consecutive term amid international concern – including from the OAS – over the vote\'s fairness as Ortega detained opponents and criminalized dissent.\n\nHowever, the OAS said Nicaragua\'s rejection of the group could not go into effect until the end of 2023 given the country\'s status as an active member.\n\n"This is a violation of the most basic international norms... We demand that the Nicaraguan government respect the obligations that currently govern its relationship with the OAS and with every international organization of which Nicaragua is a part," the OAS said in a statement.\n\nThe OAS also said that Nicaraguan officials had “illegitimately occupied” the OAS office in the capital of Managua, and warned that they could be held responsible internationally.\n\nNicaragua has frequently described the Washington-based OAS as interventionist and controlled by the United States.\n\n“Nicaragua is not a colony of anyone,” the government said in a statement announcing its withdrawal.\n\nLast month, Nicaragua\'s then-ambassador to the OAS accused Ortega\'s government of repressing the political opposition, human rights abuses and cracking down on freedom of speech.\n\nThe United States and the European Union have called last year\'s election illegitimate, and have pressed Ortega to hold new elections and release more than 160 prisoners.\n\n(REUTERS)\n\nDaily newsletterReceive essential international news every morning Subscribe', 'image': 'https://s.france24.com/media/display/c05134bc-c45e-11ec-b8d5-005056a90284/w:1280/p:16x9/2022-04-20T210745Z_735838580_RC2YQT9N4PLQ_RTRMADP_3_NICARAGUA-POLITICS.JPG', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:00'}
{'title': 'US - Honduras strategic dialogue', 'keywords': ['states', 'economic', 'honduras', 'rights', 'security', 'united', 'help', 'efforts'], 'polarity': 0.1677, 'subjectivity': 0.3009, 'link': 'https://menafn.com/1104100173/US-Honduras-strategic-dialogue&source=27', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:13', 'summary': "(MENAFN- Caribbean News Global)USA / HONDURAS – US Under Secretary of State for Civilian Security, Democracy, and Human Rights Uzra Zeya and Honduran foreign minister Enrique Reina, on Monday launched the United States-Honduras Strategic Dialogue.\n“Vice president Kamala Harris proposed this Strategic Dialogue during her meeting with president Xiomara Castro on January 27, following the president's inauguration.\nIn Mondays Dialogue the United States detailed plans to help Honduras overcome the social and economic effects of COVID-19 through continued provision of vaccines and medical equipment, including specific efforts to help students return to the classroom.\nThe United States also outlined plans to help Honduras unlock its economic potential and generate inclusive job growth.\nThe United States also announced plans to continue working with Honduras to promote respect for human rights, including addressing gender-based violence.", 'channel': 'menafn.com', 'text': "(MENAFN- Caribbean News Global)\n\nUSA / HONDURAS – US Under Secretary of State for Civilian Security, Democracy, and Human Rights Uzra Zeya and Honduran foreign minister Enrique Reina, on Monday launched the United States-Honduras Strategic Dialogue.\n\n“Vice president Kamala Harris proposed this Strategic Dialogue during her meeting with president Xiomara Castro on January 27, following the president's inauguration. Mondays Strategic Dialogue, the first in a planned series of meetings between our governments, advances joint priorities on economic recovery; fostering anti-corruption and good governance; improving human rights protections and reducing gender-based violence, and ensuring humane management of irregular migration while addressing its root causes,” said US Department of State.\n\nIn Mondays Dialogue the United States detailed plans to help Honduras overcome the social and economic effects of COVID-19 through continued provision of vaccines and medical equipment, including specific efforts to help students return to the classroom. The United States also outlined plans to help Honduras unlock its economic potential and generate inclusive job growth.\n\nAccording to the US Department of State:“Building on the Castro administration's notable anti-corruption commitments, we discussed efforts to launch a new internationally-backed anti-corruption commission. The United States also announced plans to continue working with Honduras to promote respect for human rights, including addressing gender-based violence. These efforts will help address the root causes of migration, while we advance joint efforts to promote safe, orderly, humane migration.”\n\n“This Strategic Dialogue process,” said the US Department of State,“builds on longstanding US support for the people of Honduras”, adding“US assistance helps improve food security, provides vaccines against COVID-19, makes schools and health clinics more accessible, trains police and investigators to ensure justice for all Hondurans, and assists Hondurans in increasing their own border security. We will continue supporting the people of Honduras as they strengthen democratic institutions, generate equitable economic opportunities, and create the futures they desire for themselves and their families.”", 'image': 'https://menafn.com/updates/pr/2022-04/26/CNG_7934eimage_story.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:13'}

{'title': 'Fast internet and a clean room: what digital nomads want in Mexico', 'keywords': ['tulum', 'fast', 'accommodation', 'clean', 'rental', 'good', 'room', 'properties', 'vacation'], 'polarity': 0.1075, 'subjectivity': 0.3325, 'link': 'https://mexiconewsdaily.com/news/fast-internet-digital-nomads-mexico/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:18', 'summary': 'The vacation rental market will increase 20% in 2022 due to demand for accommodation from digital nomads, according to the CEO of a vacation rentals chain.\n“Before they stayed for 14 days but now they come to work remotely for three months,” he said, adding that digital nomads will change their accommodation arrangements if they’re not happy with amenities such as the internet or laundry service.\nClaudia Velázquez, Softec operations director, told El Universal that 2022 is shaping up to be a good year for Mexico’s vacation rental sector.\n“Inflation in Mexico is lower in comparison with the United States and people with greater purchasing power can live better here,” she said.\nAirbnb co-founder and chief strategy officer Nate Blecharczyk said late last year that “traveling to Mexico has become a real trend for travelers from the United States,” including digital nomads.', 'channel': 'mexiconewsdaily.com', 'text': 'The vacation rental market will increase 20% in 2022 due to demand for accommodation from digital nomads, according to the CEO of a vacation rentals chain.\n\nJavier Cárdenas Ibarra, founder and CEO of Rotamundos, told the newspaper El Universal that many foreigners are staying in Mexico for extended periods due to their ability to work remotely.\n\nMexico City neighborhoods such as Roma and Condesa as well as coastal destinations including Puerto Vallarta, Los Cabos and Tulum have seen an influx of mainly younger digital nomads during the pandemic as employees of foreign companies continue to enjoy the opportunity to work from wherever there is a reliable internet connection.\n\nTheir presence in the country has driven up rental prices in some areas as entrepreneurs with properties listed on sites such as Airbnb take advantage of higher demand for short term accommodation.\n\nDigital nomads “look for properties with certain standards,” Cárdenas said, citing “a good connection to the internet, a good bed, housekeeping service and dwellings that are also sustainable and ecological.”\n\nMexico is especially popular with digital nomads from the United States due to its proximity to that country and affordability for people earning good salaries in US dollars.\n\nThe Riviera Maya – an area of coastal Quintana Roo that includes Cancún, Playa del Carmen and Tulum – began attracting such people early in the pandemic.\n\n“Tourists stopped coming because there were no planes but as soon as the lockdown was lifted they started to return,” said David Padrón, director of Click & Home, a company that offers short term accommodation in Tulum and Playa del Carmen.\n\n“Before they stayed for 14 days but now they come to work remotely for three months,” he said, adding that digital nomads will change their accommodation arrangements if they’re not happy with amenities such as the internet or laundry service.\n\nPadrón said that remote workers from Mexico are among the long-term tourists in Quintana Roo, “but right now we’re full of people from New York, California and Texas.”\n\n“A lot of Russians are arriving as well,” he said.\n\nSoftec, a real estate research and consultancy firm, estimates that approximately 2,700 vacation dwellings will be added to the market this year alone in Tulum, where there are already some 6,000 holiday rental properties. It also estimates that the construction of some 9,000 properties that are destined to become short term holiday accommodation will commence in 2022.\n\nClaudia Velázquez, Softec operations director, told El Universal that 2022 is shaping up to be a good year for Mexico’s vacation rental sector.\n\n“Inflation in Mexico is lower in comparison with the United States and people with greater purchasing power can live better here,” she said.\n\n“There is also more professional administration of rental dwellings,” Velázquez added.\n\n“There are companies that manage the whole service for you. They promote [the rentals] on [internet] platforms, pay the maintenance [fees], do the reservations. They take care of everything and give you your return as an investor,” she said.\n\nAirDNA, a provider of data and analytics for the short-term rental industry, reported earlier this year that there were over 31,000 Airbnb lodgings in Quintana Roo alone.\n\nAirbnb co-founder and chief strategy officer Nate Blecharczyk said late last year that “traveling to Mexico has become a real trend for travelers from the United States,” including digital nomads.\n\nHe also said there are Airbnb hosts in almost all of Mexico’s 132 Pueblos Mágicos, or Magical Towns, among which are Valladolid, Yucatán; Tepoztlán, Morelos; and Tequila, Jalisco.\n\nWith reports from El Universal', 'image': 'https://mexiconewsdaily.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/digital-nomad-tulum.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:18'}
{'title': 'Digital nomads raise rent prices in Mexico, sparking the conversation of gentrification', 'keywords': ['city', 'tulum', 'raise', 'work', 'foreigners', 'united', 'homes', 'vacation', 'rental', 'properties', 'sparking'], 'polarity': 0.1065, 'subjectivity': 0.3783, 'link': 'https://www.vallartadaily.com/digital-nomads-raise-rent-prices-in-mexico-sparking-the-conversation-of-gentrification/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:19', 'summary': 'Do yourself a favor and work remotely from Mexico City, it’s truly magical,” Becca Sherman posted in English on her Twitter account last February, and her tweet went viral.\nThe publication generated a whole conversation about the gentrification of the Roma neighborhood, where, due to the rent prices, it was argued that only foreigners can live in the area.\nGentrification is the process of changing the character of a neighborhood through the influx of more affluent residents and businesses.\nDigital nomads raise rentsJavier Cárdenas Ibarra, Founder and CEO of Rotamundos.com, commented that the phenomenon of digital nomads will cause the vacation rental of houses or apartments to increase by 20% this year.\nSoftec, the real estate research firm, estimates that this year around 2,700 vacation rental homes will be rented in Tulum.', 'channel': 'vallartadaily.com', 'text': 'Do yourself a favor and work remotely from Mexico City, it’s truly magical,” Becca Sherman posted in English on her Twitter account last February, and her tweet went viral.\n\nThe publication generated a whole conversation about the gentrification of the Roma neighborhood, where, due to the rent prices, it was argued that only foreigners can live in the area.\n\nHowever, the truth is that, for several years, not only in neighborhoods of Mexico City, but also in beach cities such as Los Cabos, Puerto Vallarta, and Tulum, foreigners have been spending several months on vacation, and more so now, since that with the pandemic they are allowed to work remotely.\n\nGentrification is the process of changing the character of a neighborhood through the influx of more affluent residents and businesses. It is a common and controversial topic in urban politics and planning. Gentrification often increases the economic value of a neighborhood, but the resulting demographic displacement may itself become a major social issue. Gentrification often shifts a neighborhood’s racial or ethnic composition and average household income by developing new, more expensive housing and businesses in a gentrified architectural style and extending and improving resources that had not been previously accessible.\n\nAccording to Rotamundos.com, a chain of hotels and rental properties, in the United States there are more than 3 million people classified as digital nomads, that is, those who can work from any city or country.\n\nIn addition, as one of the closest destinations for Americans is Mexico, since the pandemic began the influx of those who decided to come to live in Mexico has grown while the Covid health emergency dissipates.\n\nDigital nomads raise rents\n\nJavier Cárdenas Ibarra, Founder and CEO of Rotamundos.com, commented that the phenomenon of digital nomads will cause the vacation rental of houses or apartments to increase by 20% this year.\n\n“They look for properties with certain standards: a good internet connection, a good bed, a cleaning service, and homes that are also sustainable and ecological,” explained Cárdenas Ibarra.\n\nIn addition, if foreigners used to stay only a couple of weeks, now they extend their stay up to six months or more because they have the flexibility to work remotely, he added.\n\nOptions for everyone\n\nIn addition to Mexico City, Tulum, Cancun, Playa del Carmen and Los Cabos, there are other attractive cities for foreigners such as Puerto Vallarta, Mazatlán, Rosarito, Acapulco, San Miguel de Allende, Monterrey and Querétaro.\n\nDavid Padrón, director of Click & Home, a business dedicated to renting houses and apartments for tourists in Tulum, said that the rental of vacation homes in that city, as well as in the entire Riviera Maya, never fell as a result of the pandemic.\n\n“Tourists stopped coming because there were no planes, but as soon as the confinement was lifted, they began to return,” he explained.\n\n“Before they stayed for 14 days, but now they come to work from home for three months. They stay in one, but they don’t like the internet or the laundry, and they go somewhere else for another three months.”\n\nAccording to Click & Home, vacation rentals in Tulum are around 300 dollars per day, so it is expensive, but it includes laundry services, room cleaning, internet, food, and contact with nature.\n\n“Yes, people come and go, not only from the United States, but from Mexico, but right now we are full of people from New York, California, and Texas. A lot of Russians are also arriving,” he commented.\n\nSoftec, the real estate research firm, estimates that this year around 2,700 vacation rental homes will be rented in Tulum.\n\nAnd regarding the construction of real estate to be rented for vacation periods, it is estimated that projects for another 9,000 properties will begin this year throughout the country.\n\nClaudia Velázquez, Director of Operations at Softec, a real estate consultant, said that there are several conditions for 2022 to be an important year for vacation home rentals.\n\n“In Mexico, inflation compared to the United States is lower and people with higher purchasing power can live better here,” the firm said.\n\n“There is also a more professional administration of rental housing, where there are companies that already manage the entire service for you. They promote them on platforms, pay maintenance, make reservations, take care of everything and give you your return as an investor”.\n\nAccording to Softec, in Tulum, there are 6 thousand properties that are offered for rent through platforms such as Airbnb, Booking, HomeAway, Expedia, and Despegar.com.\n\nIn Playa del Carmen there are around 10,700 homes, and in Cabo San Lucas and San José del Cabo around 5,000.\n\nWritten by Sara Quarry Originally published on El Universal\n\nTrending Stories Right Now on PVDN', 'image': 'https://www.vallartadaily.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/digital-nomads-mexico.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:19'}

{'title': "Latinos should not vote for U.S. politicians who 'mistreated' them, Mexico president says", 'keywords': ['trumps', 'obrador', 'mexican', 'migrants', 'unlimited', 'united', 'lopez', 'mistreated'], 'polarity': 0.0868, 'subjectivity': 0.2571, 'link': 'https://www.reuters.com/world/us/latinos-should-not-vote-us-politicians-who-mistreated-them-mexico-president-says-2022-04-25/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:32', 'summary': 'Mexico\'s President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador delivers his quarterly report on his government\'s programs, at the National Palace in Mexico City, Mexico April 12, 2022.\nREUTERS/Henry Romero/File PhotoMEXICO CITY, April 25 (Reuters) - Mexican President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador on Monday urged Latinos in the United States not to vote in November\'s midterm elections for politicians who have "mistreated" them, in response to a comment by former U.S. President Donald Trump.\nBecause there are 40 million of us," Lopez Obrador told a news conference.\nTrump sparked outrage en route to winning the presidency in 2016 by calling Mexican migrants rapists and drug runners.\nAs president, Lopez Obrador spoke warmly of the American president, and said Monday he "liked Trump even though he is a capitalist" and that his presidency was good for both countries.', 'channel': 'reuters.com', 'text': 'Mexico\'s President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador delivers his quarterly report on his government\'s programs, at the National Palace in Mexico City, Mexico April 12, 2022. REUTERS/Henry Romero/File Photo\n\nMEXICO CITY, April 25 (Reuters) - Mexican President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador on Monday urged Latinos in the United States not to vote in November\'s midterm elections for politicians who have "mistreated" them, in response to a comment by former U.S. President Donald Trump.\n\nTrump boasted at a rally in Ohio at the weekend that while in office, he had forced Lopez Obrador to deploy 28,000 soldiers along the U.S.-Mexico border to keep out migrants after threatening to slap tariffs on Mexican goods.\n\nAsked about Trump\'s comments, Lopez Obrador said no U.S. political party should "use Mexico as a pinata" and that those with the right to vote should exercise it carefully.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\nHe told Americans of Mexican and Latino descent that "if Mexico or some country in Latin America and the Caribbean is mistreated, do not vote for those parties and for those candidates whether they are from the Democratic or Republican party."\n\n"When someone goes too far and causes offence, we\'ll call them out so that our countrymen help us. Because there are 40 million of us," Lopez Obrador told a news conference. "Don\'t forget your origins."\n\nAt 36.6 million, Mexicans made up the largest population of Hispanic origin in the United States in 2017, a Pew Research Center report found ahead of the last presidential election.\n\nTrump sparked outrage en route to winning the presidency in 2016 by calling Mexican migrants rapists and drug runners. Lopez Obrador, then in opposition, in 2017 likened Trump\'s attitude to migrants to Nazi Germany\'s treatment of Jews.\n\nAs president, Lopez Obrador spoke warmly of the American president, and said Monday he "liked Trump even though he is a capitalist" and that his presidency was good for both countries.\n\nForeign Minister Marcelo Ebrard, one of the favorites to succeed Lopez Obrador in 2024, rebuffed Trump\'s comments.\n\n"What happened yesterday is a man campaigning for the anti-Mexicanism that characterizes him," Ebrard wrote on Twitter in reference to Trump\'s remarks. "In this government, we\'re patriots. And we have nothing to be ashamed about."\n\nRepublicans are favorites to win control of the House of Representatives and possibly the Senate in the elections amid frustration with the administration of U.S. President Joe Biden.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\nReporting by Stefanie Eschenbacher and Valentine Hilaire Editing by Alistair Bell\n\nOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.', 'image': 'https://www.reuters.com/resizer/sYQiLCXOYaMfeQ833ACS957UM4Y=/1200x628/smart/filters:quality(80)/cloudfront-us-east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/CF2EPQY6OFMVRK6676F2H354GA.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:32'}
{'title': "Mexican president says he hopes Musk will 'clean up' Twitter", 'keywords': ['mexico', 'obrador', 'media', 'president', 'unlimited', 'social', 'clean', 'urging', 'reuterscom', 'lopez'], 'polarity': 0.1218, 'subjectivity': 0.3704, 'link': 'https://www.reuters.com/technology/mexican-president-says-he-hopes-musk-will-clean-up-twitter-2022-04-26/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:54', 'summary': 'Mexico\'s President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador delivers his quarterly report on his government\'s programs, at the National Palace in Mexico City, Mexico April 12, 2022.\nREUTERS/Henry Romero/File PhotoMEXICO CITY, April 26 (Reuters) - Mexican President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador said on Tuesday he hoped Elon Musk would "clean up" Twitter following his purchase of the social media platform, urging him to get rid of "manipulation" and ensure there was no censorship.\n"Hopefully he will clean it up," Lopez Obrador told a regular government news conference, urging Musk to put a stop to what he called "corruption", "manipulation", bots and "the buying of advertising without transparency" on Twitter.\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register"And that there\'s no censorship," the president added.\nShortly before his comments about Twitter, the president renewed his criticism of one prominent Mexican journalist, publishing images of a luxury flat that he said belonged to him.', 'channel': 'reuters.com', 'text': 'Mexico\'s President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador delivers his quarterly report on his government\'s programs, at the National Palace in Mexico City, Mexico April 12, 2022. REUTERS/Henry Romero/File Photo\n\nMEXICO CITY, April 26 (Reuters) - Mexican President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador said on Tuesday he hoped Elon Musk would "clean up" Twitter following his purchase of the social media platform, urging him to get rid of "manipulation" and ensure there was no censorship.\n\nLopez Obrador, a leftist who spoke out against Twitter after it suspended former U.S. President Donald Trump, has encouraged the use of what he calls the "blessed social networks" as an alternative to established print and broadcast media.\n\n"Hopefully he will clean it up," Lopez Obrador told a regular government news conference, urging Musk to put a stop to what he called "corruption", "manipulation", bots and "the buying of advertising without transparency" on Twitter.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\n"And that there\'s no censorship," the president added. "So that there are alternative media and we can all communicate."\n\nAddressing Mexico from 7 a.m. at a daily news conference, Lopez Obrador has pilloried critical media, arguing they are in cahoots with a corrupt elite bent on thwarting his plans to curb inequality and strengthen state control of natural resources.\n\nShortly before his comments about Twitter, the president renewed his criticism of one prominent Mexican journalist, publishing images of a luxury flat that he said belonged to him.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\nReporting by Dave Graham Editing by Alexandra Hudson\n\nOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.', 'image': 'https://www.reuters.com/resizer/HliN8tZTTQqRVHB9PxP6alYI-a8=/1200x628/smart/filters:quality(80)/cloudfront-us-east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/WTN2TTJXHBLUNGI34QTJ4FIXDE.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:54'}

{'title': 'A general introduction to the insurance and reinsurance markets in Mexico', 'keywords': ['mexico', 'insurance', 'companies', 'products', '2021', 'general', 'mexican', 'law', 'reinsurance', 'cent', 'market', 'introduction', 'markets'], 'polarity': 0.0577, 'subjectivity': 0.3119, 'link': 'https://www.lexology.com/library/detail.aspx?g=4dfddd5c-a135-47cd-aede-33b9aa061aed', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:25', 'summary': "According to the CNSF, as of February 2021, the Mexican insurance sector comprises 101 insurance companies licensed to operate in Mexico (of which 56 are subsidiaries of foreign insurance companies) and 241 foreign reinsurance companies registered with the Reinsurance Registry, including Lloyd's of London.\nNine atomic pools (nuclear insurance pools) were also registered with the Reinsurance Registry to take reinsurance in Mexico.\nThere is interest in seeing regulators enhance and provide incentives to insurance companies and we still expect to see changes in insurance companies' investment programmes, in line with the current government's interest in financing long-term infrastructure projects.\nHowever, the reinsurance market is still generally reluctant to include mediation and arbitration clauses in reinsurance policies.\nvi Product developmentThe interest in parametric insurance products for catastrophic risks keeps growing, and there is extensive activity regarding developing and placing parametric insurance products in the insurance and reinsurance market in Mexico.", 'channel': 'lexology.com', 'text': "All questions\n\nYear in review\n\ni The insurance sector\n\nIn 2021 the Mexican insurance market began to recover from the contraction of 2.9 per cent caused by the pandemic in 2020. By September 2021 the insurance market grew around 5.3 per cent, according to the figures of the CNSF, with a raising of direct premium to 494 billion Mexican pesos, a figure that exceeds the one for 2019.\n\nHowever, the loss ratio increased by 11.9 per cent by the end of September 2021, with an increase of 14.2 per cent in life insurance and of 20.4 per cent in health insurance; the highest increase since the implementation of Solvency II.\n\nThe life and health insurance markets have grown as a result of the pandemic, despite an increase in the cost of premiums partly because of the inflation in private healthcare services. Despite the growth of life and health insurance, the proportion of the Mexican population insured is still very small; according to AMIS' figures, only around 15 per cent of Mexicans in a formal job have a life insurance.\n\nOn the other hand, the drop in travel insurance and coverage for tourist destinations such as Quintana Roo was noticeable early in the year as a result of the pandemic. Automobile insurance was one of the lines of business most affected by the pandemic with a decrease in premium of 2.4 per cent by the end of September 2021 mainly because of the substantial contraction in car sales.\n\nAccording to the CNSF, as of February 2021, the Mexican insurance sector comprises 101 insurance companies licensed to operate in Mexico (of which 56 are subsidiaries of foreign insurance companies) and 241 foreign reinsurance companies registered with the Reinsurance Registry, including Lloyd's of London. Nine atomic pools (nuclear insurance pools) were also registered with the Reinsurance Registry to take reinsurance in Mexico. Direct premiums in the insurance and surety sectors decreased had by 4.6 per cent by the end of September 2020 compared to the same period in 2019. Of the total amount of premiums by the end of September 2020, 97.7 per cent came from direct insurance and only 2.3 per cent came from reinsurance.\n\nThe penetration of insurance with respect to Mexico's gross domestic product is 2.3 per cent. In 2020, AMIS and the CNSF announced that they will work together on a strategy to increase penetration to 2.8 per cent by 2022, but no further information has been released on the progress of this strategy.\n\nIn the context of the 30th annual convention of AMIS, the CNSF, the SHCP and AMIS entered into a memorandum of understanding with the purpose of promoting gender equality, diversity and inclusion in the insurance sector.\n\nFor the fourth consecutive time, Mapfre won the public tender to placement of the two-year property and casualty (P&C) policy for Pemex, which represents a total premium of US$563 million.\n\nii Lloyd's\n\nProbitas 1492 (syndicate 1492), Newline Group (syndicate 1218) and Liberty Mutual Re (syndicate 4472) Specialty Services are the only three Lloyd's syndicates with physical presence in Mexico. The lack of appetite of Lloyd's for Latin-American risk continues shifting to other regions and products and in its strategy. It is still unclear how this will affect the business flow and capacity that was traditionally provided to the Mexican market by Lloyd's.\n\nTwo Mexican groups, Grupo Nacional Provincial and Reaseguradora Patria currently have investments in Lloyd's.\n\niii Regulators\n\nThe CNSF has made progress adjusting to the administration of President López Obrador and, albeit during a pandemic, it is now operating more efficiently. Moreover, the technological tools and procedures that were implemented as a result of the pandemic are now fully in place and the market has become accustomed to them.\n\nRicardo Ernesto Ochoa Rodríguez continues to serve as president of the CNSF.\n\nThe temporary scheme established on 3 August 2020 by the CNSF regarding the procedure for the calculation of terms based on the level of contingency of the covid-19 pandemic (determined by the federal government) is still in place.\n\nCarlos Noriega, who served as head of the Insurance, Pensions and Social Security Unit in the Ministry of Finance since March 2020, resigned from the position on 1 January 2021, being replaced by José Alfredo Tijerina and subsequently by Héctor Santana Suárez, who currently holds the position.\n\nOutlook and conclusions\n\ni Regulatory\n\nThe CNSF and the SHCP have been clear on their concern about the low penetration of insurance and their commitment to take action for a more inclusive market; however, no relevant actions have been implemented to this end.\n\nWith regard to catastrophic risk, the General Law for Comprehensive Disaster Risk Management and Civil Protection, expected to be approved in 2021, has not yet been approved by the Senate. Currently, the federal government has a catastrophic insurance for up to 5 billion Mexican pesos with a franchise of 275 million Mexican pesos. It also has a CAT-Bond for US$485 million for earthquakes and hurricanes valid until March 2024. However, these instruments are not sufficient to cover the funds of the natural disaster fund FONDEN. After the cancellation of the natural disaster fund FONDEN back in September 2020, the lack of sufficient resources and a reliable mechanism to cover catastrophic risks should be a matter of concern.\n\nThere has been an increase in demand for political risk coverage, given the growing perception of the potential for damage to investors and companies as a result of political decisions by the current government, mainly in the infrastructure and the energy sectors.\n\nWhile the regulators are aware of insurtech's potential to provide access to the benefits of insurance products for vulnerable groups, the present regulatory regime has unfortunately become a hurdle rather than an incentive for the development of products and projects in this area. Coping with compliance and regulatory challenges, including a strict anti-money laundering (AML) regime, data protection and privacy regulations, makes it difficult for start-ups to flourish in this highly regulated industry. Notwithstanding this, new risks continue to require innovative products, presenting new challenges to the regulators. Although the country's industry is solid and well-capitalised, it nonetheless continues to disappoint in terms of penetration, inclusion and innovation.\n\nWe have seen a growth in funds' appetite for working with insurance companies and benefiting from them as institutional investors. The insurance industry has not fully embraced its potential as a key institutional investor, with the exception of a few insurance companies actively investing in private equity, venture capital and other securities, such as development trusts and real estate trusts. There is interest in seeing regulators enhance and provide incentives to insurance companies and we still expect to see changes in insurance companies' investment programmes, in line with the current government's interest in financing long-term infrastructure projects.\n\nii Case law\n\nWe continue to see a growth in insurance and reinsurance-related disputes and related litigation, resulting in the development of court precedents on insurance and reinsurance related matters. The courts are very active in developing the concept of moral damages (similar to that of punitive damages); the concept now forms part of most claims, with important consequences for the insurance industry.\n\nThe contra proferentem principle in insurance continues to be applied, affecting insurance claims that are being argued before the courts.\n\nThe Mexican Supreme Court (SCJN) ruled in favour of the possibility to claim on constitutional grounds through an amparo lawsuit if an insurance company refuses to give coverage on medical expenses to people with Down's syndrome or other disabilities based on that disability. This was a relevant precedent to protect human rights.\n\nOn 17 February 2021, the First Chamber of the SCJN issued a judicial precedent pursuant to which it determined that if a premium is not paid within the grace period of 30 days from the perfection of the contract or as agreed by the parties, the insurance contract terminates automatically, even if the insurer received the premium.\n\nThe rationale of SCJN is based on the assumption that the insurance contract is bilateral, onerous and aleatory, and is perfected at the moment in which the contracting party becomes aware of the acceptance of the offer made by the insurer. Additionally, according to the LCS, from the due date for payment of the premium, the contracting party has a grace period of 30 calendar days to pay the premium. If the contracting party pays the premium after said term and the insurer accepts the late payment, the effects of the insurance contract may not be rehabilitated. According to the criteria of the SCJN, once the insurance contract is terminated, there must be a new offer from the insured and the same shall be agreed with the insurer to formalise a new insurance contract.\n\nMoreover, the SCJN issued a second precedent stating that pursuant to Article 41 of the Law the insurance contract is invalidated when payment of the insurance premium is made outside the grace period of 30 calendar days, even when the insurer does not immediately refuse such payment. In this case, the rationale of the First Chamber of the SCJN, consistent with the judicial precedent described above, is based on the premise that the first paragraph of Article 40 of the Law establishes that if the contracting party does not pay the premium or the corresponding instalment (in the case where it is paid in instalments) within the grace period of 30 calendar days, the effects of the insurance contract will cease automatically at 12 o´clock on the last day of such term.\n\niii Reinsurance claims\n\nAs previously identified, one of the main sources of disputes in reinsurance stems from fronting arrangements widely used in Mexico in the context of a legal framework where the insurance company maintains its liability to the insured despite the fact that, technically, it is simply fronting the risk. This particular state of affairs – where reinsurers' lack of understanding of Mexican law and the lack of diligence in policy underwriting to ensure wording considers the effects of Mexican law with regard to English wording of reinsurance placements used in fronting arrangements – has consistently raised discrepancies between insurance and reinsurance policies and Mexican law, and is the origin of a number of disputes between the London and Mexican markets.\n\nThese inconsistencies are further exacerbated by abusive practices in the handling of claims by the reinsurance market, prejudicing the insurance companies that placed the business through fronting arrangements.\n\nWe have seen some interesting developments in the Mexican AML regime aligned with international standards and these may contribute to harmonising local placements with limitations of liability under international reinsurance programmes.\n\nThere is opportunity in Mexico to use effectively and promote alternative dispute resolution mechanisms specialised in insurance and reinsurance claims, including mediation and arbitration and the use of ARIAS Mexico. The inclusion of arbitration clauses in insurance and reinsurance agreements provides for the resolution of conflicts arising in reinsurance contracts through arbitration and also serves to prevent certain situations arising in global insurance programmes. However, the reinsurance market is still generally reluctant to include mediation and arbitration clauses in reinsurance policies.\n\nIn November 2019, the Principles of Reinsurance Contract Law (PRICL) were published by the Project Group (a joint venture set up by several universities and professors, primary insurance company representatives, reinsurance companies and reinsurance brokers and special advisers) in cooperation with the International Institute for the Unification of Private Law (known as UNIDROIT). The PRICL set specific reinsurance rules applicable to contract law, with a view to providing help in areas where reinsurance practitioners felt the need to improve legal certainty. The PRICL have been drafted as soft law, which means they will work as optional guidelines on reinsurance contract law when chosen by the parties, and for these principles to have binding effect, the contracting parties should choose to adopt them voluntarily. However, there is also the possibility that the PRICL may be applied by courts or arbitral tribunals, as the case may be, even in cases where the parties have not chosen to apply them.\n\nThe covid-19 pandemic has also raised conflicting views regarding life reinsurance coverage, with arbitration proceedings under way to resolve disputes between Mexican cedents and foreign reinsurers in relation to coverage during the pandemic.\n\nDisputes between cedents and reinsurers regarding reinsurance coverage of losses caused by the pandemic are still continuing, mainly concerning life insurance. Most of such cases are subject to arbitration, therefore the awards will be confidential.\n\niv Distribution\n\nThere have been no changes and the distribution channels in Mexico continue to be strictly regulated and extremely limited, resulting in a lack of penetration of insurance within small and medium-sized companies, which contributed around 52 per cent of the national gross domestic product during 2019.\n\nBancassurance is one of the most important areas of growth within the industry. With very few exceptions, most banking groups operating in Mexico have transferred their insurance business and operations to insurance groups and entered into exclusive distribution arrangements.\n\nAlthough there has been an increase in distribution through online platforms, the traditional distribution through brokers covers 59 per cent of the premiums.\n\nv Consolidation\n\nWe have seen an active insurance market with various M&A transactions and joint ventures. We expect to see further consolidation or growth, or a combination of these, among the current market participants in Mexico in both insurance companies and intermediaries. In particular, we expect health insurance to be a key driver of growth in the insurance industry in the years to come.\n\nWe have also seen a number of joint ventures between the main insurers and insurtech start-ups and technology companies for boosting their capability to provide new digital client-focused products.\n\nvi Product development\n\nThe interest in parametric insurance products for catastrophic risks keeps growing, and there is extensive activity regarding developing and placing parametric insurance products in the insurance and reinsurance market in Mexico. We also expect to see an increase in the distribution of parametric insurance products for individuals.\n\nThe healthcare insurance business has been one of the main areas to see a growth trend in the past year, with new participants entering the market and the introduction of innovative products. The fact that Mexico has a vast population without medical insurance and which is unable or unwilling to purchase traditional healthcare insurance means the country is an attractive prospect for investors and for launching new products. New products in the area of telemedicine and those with a preventive approach have been successfully placed in the market, and we see continuing interest from various participants in growing their stake in the healthcare insurance business.\n\nCyber insurance continues growing as the risk of hacking and the concern of companies for data protection increases.\n\nSince January 2019 all vehicles circulating in federal roads and motorways must have a liability insurance; however, the federal government has not been able to enforce compulsory motor insurance. According to the financial products ombudsman CONDUSEF, seven out of 10 drivers are not insured.\n\nThere has been an increase in the premiums for providing professional liability coverage that does not reflect conditions in the Mexican market. This adjustment is, in fact, a result of international market conditions and it is evident from this that there is a lack of good underwriting practices for products of this kind being placed in Mexico.\n\nIn 2021, Mexico was the second largest target for fintech investments in Latin America as insurtech start-ups keep penetrating the market. According to Asociación Insurtech México (AIM), in 2021 there were 43 insurtech companies already operating in Mexico. Most of the insurtech business is in life and health, and auto and mobility lines, and around half of them are focused on marketing and distribution according to the Radar InsurTech Report 2021.", 'image': 'https://www.lexology.com/images/share/lexology-social-media.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:25'}
{'title': 'A general introduction to the insurance and reinsurance markets in Brazil', 'keywords': ['insurance', 'products', 'process', 'general', 'requirements', 'resolution', 'reinsurance', 'susep', 'introduction', 'markets', 'system', 'regulation', 'regulatory', 'brazil', 'cnsp'], 'polarity': 0.0937, 'subjectivity': 0.3604, 'link': 'https://www.lexology.com/library/detail.aspx?g=6c641c16-e178-4f2d-be61-da5cdeb0ae40', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:58', 'summary': 'Alongside that, CNSP Resolution 422/2021 created a new regulation for the authorisation of insurance companies.\nPerhaps the most radical change made by SUSEP in 2021 was the creation of the Open Insurance System in July, through CNSP Resolution 415.\nCNSP Resolution 431/2021 approximates the insurance agents to the managing general agent (MGA), increasing the scope of activities that can be performed by such agents.\nSUSEP expects to cut the red tape in insurance distributor channels to overcome old regulatory barriers to insurance representatives, who now can act in all types of insurance products.\nIn addition, CNSP published CNSP Resolution 434/2021 that regulates insurance policyholders.', 'channel': 'lexology.com', 'text': "All questions\n\nYear in review\n\nIn 2021, SUSEP implemented relevant changes to the regulation, updating and consolidating its rules. The regulatory agenda for 2021 was focused on:\n\ncontinuing to implement the System for Registry of Operations (SRO); setting forth a regulation on cybersecurity; and creating and regulating the Open Insurance System.\n\nSUSEP also implemented several regulations that were submitted for public consultation in 2020.\n\nOn the heels of the successful previous edition, on 26 July 2021, SUSEP released the second edition of the Regulatory Sandbox, with 21 new projects preliminarily approved and undergoing the process for final approval. The programme's intention is to foster innovation and competition to enhance customer experience and increase marked penetration, reducing insurance prices. If all the 21 entities approved in the second sandbox are authorised to operate, there will be an increase of more than 20 per cent in the number of insurers operating in Brazil, considering the results of both sandbox editions.\n\nAlongside that, CNSP Resolution 422/2021 created a new regulation for the authorisation of insurance companies. The new rule created a fast-track process for obtaining definitive licence by companies in SUSEP's Sandbox.\n\nAs previously mentioned, in February SUSEP Circular 621 and CNSP Resolution 407/2021 removed outdated and redundant requirements embedded in previous regulation and began to take shape as a mechanism to modernise, simplify and enhance damages insurance. This gives the parties greater freedom of contract, provided certain good practices guidelines are maintained. The new regulation grants the registration of new products automatically (i.e., products no longer go through a prior analysis of SUSEP). Additionally, CNSP Resolution 407/2021, issued in March, allows insurance companies to forego the registration process completely for underwriting big risks (e.g., policies with a coverage of at least 15 million reais). SUSEP is shifting its regulation perspective to penalising bad behaviour and expects the market to respond to this new flexibility.\n\nSUSEP also simplified and improved liability products (D&O, E&O, ELI, Cyber Insurance and GLI) to repeal obsolete rules about standard clauses.\n\nIn addition, SUSEP Circular 639/2021 has emerged as a comprehensive and clear legal framework towards substantial progress in reforming the regulatory environment of car insurance products.\n\nPerhaps the most radical change made by SUSEP in 2021 was the creation of the Open Insurance System in July, through CNSP Resolution 415. Although we still have a long way to go before the system is completely operational, SUSEP expects that this system will allow for an increase in competition, incentivise the creation of new products and, overall, increase the quality of the services provided to Brazilian consumers.\n\nIn November 2021, CNSP issued Resolution 422/2021, which modernised the authorisation process of insurers, providing more clarity on how entities can comply with capital requirements applicable to the controlling shareholders and creating a fast-track process for converting sandbox licences into full and definitive licences to operate. This resolution brings an important innovation for the capital requirements of the controlling shareholder, allowing for more flexibility to evidence the economic capacity through the supervised entity itself.\n\nAlso in November, the regulatory body established requirements for the accreditation and operation of data aggregators within the scope of the Open Insurance System, focused on accessing and sharing of personal and non-personal insurance-related data that can be used for innovation in products and services, looking at them from a supervisory and commercial angle (see CNSP Resolution 429/2021).\n\nIn the same month, the supervisor updated the regulation on insurance agents (ie, representatives of the insurers). CNSP Resolution 431/2021 approximates the insurance agents to the managing general agent (MGA), increasing the scope of activities that can be performed by such agents. SUSEP expects to cut the red tape in insurance distributor channels to overcome old regulatory barriers to insurance representatives, who now can act in all types of insurance products.\n\nIn addition, CNSP published CNSP Resolution 434/2021 that regulates insurance policyholders. This Resolution has been in force since 2 March 2022.\n\nOutlook and conclusions\n\nConsistently with other initiatives throughout the past year, SUSEP has sought to promote competition through promoting the entry of new market participants and simplification of the requirements for offering insurance products, along with preserving free competition and respect to the consumer.\n\nSUSEP went through a management change in the beginning of 2022 and, depending on the election results of 2022, SUSEP's management is likely to change again.\n\nWith new management, in 2022, SUSEP's perspective is to continue simplifying the regulation of the insurance sector, reducing its complexity and costs. SUSEP also intends to subscribe to international best practices, to stimulate the development of the insurance market and to adopt a less prescriptive, more principled approach.\n\nAt the forefront of SUSEP's priorities is the revision of the standards regarding reinsurance, co-insurance and retrocession operations, as well as operations in foreign currency and contracting insurance policies abroad. The authority also intends to continue to implement the SRO.\n\nLife and survival coverage offered in life insurance and open-ended supplementary private pension funds may also be subject to revision, with the intention to encourage the annuity market and provide the development of products that better meet consumers' needs.", 'image': 'https://www.lexology.com/images/share/lexology-social-media.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:58'}

{'title': 'As COVID Rules Lifted, US-Canada Border Busy With Asylum-Seekers', 'keywords': ['bouchard', 'increase', 'uscanada', 'refugee', 'land', 'border', 'crossing', 'asylumseekers', 'road', 'formal', 'rules'], 'polarity': 0.0427, 'subjectivity': 0.2578, 'link': 'https://www.voanews.com/a/as-covid-rules-lifted-canada-border-busy-with-asylum-seekers-/6544703.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:16', 'summary': 'Snowy northern winters tend to see a drop in asylum-seekers crossing from the United States into Canada at Roxham Road, Quebec.\nIn December, the number of asylum-seekers entering Canada outside formal land border crossings reached its highest point since August 2017, government statistics show.\nIn December, Royal Canadian Mounted Police intercepted 2,811 asylum-seekers crossing the border outside formal land ports of entry, the vast majority crossing into Quebec.\nThese asylum-seekers can enter Canada because they do not enter at formal border crossings.\nRoxham Road is not a formal border crossing, although so many asylum-seekers use it that police officers are often stationed there to intercept migrants.', 'channel': 'voanews.com', 'text': 'Snowy northern winters tend to see a drop in asylum-seekers crossing from the United States into Canada at Roxham Road, Quebec. Not this past winter.\n\nIn December, the number of asylum-seekers entering Canada outside formal land border crossings reached its highest point since August 2017, government statistics show.\n\nThe growing caseload is lengthening wait times for eligibility hearings, leaving claimants waiting months on social assistance before getting work permits, one attorney said.\n\nThe increase follows the lifting of a pandemic-era order in December. Since March 2020, border police had refused entry to all asylum-seekers in order to curb the spread of COVID-19.\n\n"It seems to me the ministry has been caught off guard," said Montreal lawyer Pierre-Luc Bouchard, who has 70 refugee cases after two years with almost zero new clients. "They are completely confused."\n\nA spokesperson for Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada told Reuters last week that the increase was expected and said it was working to speed up applications and shorten eligibility hearing wait times.\n\nIn December, Royal Canadian Mounted Police intercepted 2,811 asylum-seekers crossing the border outside formal land ports of entry, the vast majority crossing into Quebec. In January and February, they intercepted 2,382 and 2,164, respectively — compared with 888 and 808 in January and February of 2019.\n\nThese asylum-seekers can enter Canada because they do not enter at formal border crossings. Under the Safe Third Country Agreement, set to be contested at Canada\'s Supreme Court, Canada and the U.S. can turn back asylum-seekers in either direction at formal land border crossings.\n\nVolunteers who come to the border bearing water bottles or mittens and who try to ensure border-crossers\' rights have resumed their weekly trips to Roxham Road after a suspension during the pandemic, said Frances Ravensbergen, a coordinator for migrant advocacy group Bridges Not Borders.\n\nSome asylum-seekers "have kind of waited for the borders to reopen," Bouchard said.\n\nRoxham Road is not a formal border crossing, although so many asylum-seekers use it that police officers are often stationed there to intercept migrants.\n\nSome would-be refugees were waiting in the U.S., others in Latin America or in Kenya, until they felt they could make the trip to Canada via the U.S., Bouchard said. Canadian refugee claimants come from a range of countries including Mexico, Colombia, India and Iran.\n\nMany keep abreast of Canada\'s shifting regulations, "sometimes with some confusion," Bouchard said.\n\nBut Bouchard thinks there is more than just Canada\'s lifted border closure at play. "People are desperate," he said.\n\nHe said the increase was also an indication that "under (President) Joe Biden the (U.S.) immigration policies have not really, really changed," especially regarding gender-based refugee claims, which are seen as less likely to succeed in the U.S.\n\nU.S. apprehensions of migrants crossing from Mexico reached a 20-year high last year, and the Biden administration has been reluctant to roll back all the measures imposed by his predecessor, Donald Trump.\n\nThe U.S. government did not immediately respond to a request for comment.\n\nFleeing to Canada\n\nWhen a Nicaraguan refugee claimant Reuters spoke to fled for a neighboring country last June, he hoped he would be back in Managua in time for Christmas. But the situation deteriorated, he said, and police were threatening his family back home. He asked not to be named, saying he fears reprisals.\n\nArmed with tips from those who had made the journey and information gleaned from the internet, over a long day in late December, he flew into the southern United States, where he reunited with his wife and kids, who had traveled from Nicaragua. They flew to New York, where they boarded a bus to Plattsburgh in upstate New York and then took a taxi to the Canadian border.\n\nCanadian police were friendly, he said. Now he and his family are living in a Montreal apartment. His kids are in school and he hopes to find work soon.\n\n"It was a hard trip. ... Everything is in Nicaragua," he said. "But my mind is positive, and I expect that we are going to do well here."', 'image': 'https://gdb.voanews.com/02210000-0aff-0242-3570-08da2700a7ba_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:16'}
{'title': 'Canada: increase in asylum seekers after Covid restrictions blocked border entry', 'keywords': ['bouchard', 'increase', 'states', 'blocked', 'border', 'crossing', 'united', 'formal', 'york', 'covid', 'entry'], 'polarity': 0.0529, 'subjectivity': 0.2784, 'link': 'https://www.theguardian.com/world/2022/apr/25/canada-asylum-seekers-numbers-covid-restrictions', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:51', 'summary': 'Snowy northern winters tend to see a drop in asylum seekers crossing from the United States into Canada at Roxham Road in Quebec.\nIn December, the number of asylum seekers entering Canada outside formal land border crossings reached its highest point since August 2017, government statistics show.\nSince March 2020, border police had refused entry to all asylum seekers in order to curb the spread of Covid.\nIn December, Royal Canadian Mounted Police intercepted 2,811 asylum seekers crossing the border outside formal land ports of entry, the vast majority crossing into Quebec.\nThese asylum seekers can enter Canada because they do not enter at formal border crossings.', 'channel': 'theguardian.com', 'text': 'Snowy northern winters tend to see a drop in asylum seekers crossing from the United States into Canada at Roxham Road in Quebec. Not this past winter.\n\nIn December, the number of asylum seekers entering Canada outside formal land border crossings reached its highest point since August 2017, government statistics show.\n\nThe growing caseload is lengthening wait times for eligibility hearings, leaving claimants waiting months on social assistance before getting work permits, one attorney said.\n\nThe increase follows the lifting of a pandemic-era order in December. Since March 2020, border police had refused entry to all asylum seekers in order to curb the spread of Covid.\n\n“It seems to me the ministry has been caught off guard,” said Montreal lawyer Pierre-Luc Bouchard, who has 70 refugee cases after two years with almost zero new clients. “They are completely confused.”\n\nA spokesperson for Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada said that the increase was expected and said the agency is working to speed up applications and shorten eligibility hearing wait times.\n\nIn December, Royal Canadian Mounted Police intercepted 2,811 asylum seekers crossing the border outside formal land ports of entry, the vast majority crossing into Quebec.\n\nIn January and February they intercepted 2,382 and 2,164, respectively – compared with 888 and 808 in January and February of 2019.\n\nThese asylum seekers can enter Canada because they do not enter at formal border crossings. Under the Safe Third Country Agreement – which is set to be contested at Canada’s supreme court – Canada and the United States can turn back asylum seekers in either direction at formal land border crossings.\n\nVolunteers who come to the border bearing water bottles or mittens and who try to ensure border-crossers’ rights are respected have resumed their weekly trips to Roxham Road after suspending them during the pandemic, said Frances Ravensbergen, a coordinator for migrant advocacy group Bridges Not Borders.\n\nSome asylum seekers “have kind of waited for the borders to reopen”, Bouchard said.\n\nRoxham Road, north of Plattsburgh, New York, is not a formal border crossing, although so many asylum seekers use it that police officers are often stationed there to intercept migrants.\n\nSome would-be refugees were waiting in the United States, others in Latin America or in Kenya until they felt they could make the trip to Canada via the United States, Bouchard said. Canadian refugee claimants come from a range of countries, including Mexico, Colombia, India and Iran.\n\nMany keep abreast of Canada’s shifting regulations, “sometimes with some confusion”, Bouchard said.\n\nBut Bouchard thinks there is more than just Canada’s lifted border closure at play. “People are desperate,” he said.\n\nHe said the increase was also an indication that “under Joe Biden the (US) immigration policies have not really, really changed,” especially regarding gender-based refugee claims, which are seen as less likely to succeed in the United States.\n\nUS apprehensions of migrants crossing from Mexico reached a 20-year high last year, and the Biden administration has been reluctant to roll back all the measures imposed by Donald Trump.\n\nThe US government did not immediately respond to a request for comment.\n\nA Nicaraguan asylum seeker described how he flew into the southern United States, where he was reunited with his wife and children, who had traveled separately. They flew to New York, where they boarded a bus to Plattsburgh in upstate New York and then took a taxi to the Canadian border.\n\nCanadian police were friendly, he said. Now he and his family are living in a Montreal apartment. His kids are in school and he hopes to find work soon.\n\n“It was a hard trip … everything is in Nicaragua,” he said. “But my mind is positive and I expect that we are going to do well here.”', 'image': 'https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/5dc7ac09abfdc53e062be7be807b70af43d74fcc/0_0_3500_2102/master/3500.jpg?width=1200&height=630&quality=85&auto=format&fit=crop&overlay-align=bottom%2Cleft&overlay-width=100p&overlay-base64=L2ltZy9zdGF0aWMvb3ZlcmxheXMvdGctZGVmYXVsdC5wbmc&enable=upscale&s=5215323df788f0d30a2d684eab82fd20', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:51'}

{'title': 'DOJ Brings First Corporate FCPA Enforcement Action - Settles with Stericycle for $84 Million (Part I of III)', 'keywords': ['action', 'mexico', 'argentina', 'company', 'including', 'enforcement', 'iii', 'compliance', 'million', 'stericycle', 'brings', 'settlement', 'settles', 'brazil'], 'polarity': -0.0208, 'subjectivity': 0.3021, 'link': 'https://www.jdsupra.com/legalnews/doj-brings-first-corporate-fcpa-9592911/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:22', 'summary': 'In a parallel action, the SEC announced its settlement with Stericycle for $28 million for FCPA violations.\nUnder the settlement, Stericycle resolved investigations being conducted by the Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission and Brazil.\nIn its factual admission, Stericycle admitted a wide ranging scheme involving payment of bribes to foreign officials in Brazil, Mexico and Argentina.\nIn total, Stericycle paid approximately $10.5 million in bribes to foreign officials in Brazil, Mexico and Argentina to secure business contracts from which Stericycle profited by at least $21.5 million.\nBetween 2011 and 2016, Stericycle made hundreds of bribe payments to government officials in Brazil, Mexico and Argentina.', 'channel': 'jdsupra.com', 'text': 'The Justice Department ended its FCPA enforcement drought by announcing its first corporate settlement in 2022. In a parallel action, the SEC announced its settlement with Stericycle for $28 million for FCPA violations. The SEC’s settlement was its second with a company for 2022 (the first was KT Corp.).\n\nUnder the settlement, Stericycle resolved investigations being conducted by the Department of Justice, the Securities and Exchange Commission and Brazil. Stericycle agreed to enter into a three-year deferred prosecution agreement and pay more than $84 million. Stericycle will pay $52.5 million in criminal penalties, $28 million to the SEC in civil penalties and disgorgement, and approximately $9.3 million to Brazilian authorities. DOJ agreed credit up to one-third of the criminal penalty against fines the company pays to Brazil authorities.\n\nSignificantly, the DPA requires Stericycle to obtain an independent compliance monitor for a two-year period and then submit a self-report for the rest of the DPA term.\n\nStericycle is a global waste management company which is headquartered in Illinois. In its factual admission, Stericycle admitted a wide ranging scheme involving payment of bribes to foreign officials in Brazil, Mexico and Argentina. In total, Stericycle paid approximately $10.5 million in bribes to foreign officials in Brazil, Mexico and Argentina to secure business contracts from which Stericycle profited by at least $21.5 million.\n\nBetween 2011 and 2016, Stericycle made hundreds of bribe payments to government officials in Brazil, Mexico and Argentina. An executive at Stericycle’s Latin American division directed employees in the company’s offices in Brazil, Mexico and Argentina to pay bribes, usually in cash, based on a percentage of the value of an underlying contract. The co-conspirators tracked the bribe payments through spreadsheets and used code words to discuss the bribes, using such terms as “CP” or “commission payment” in Brazil; “IP” or “incentive payment” in Mexico; and “alfajores” (a popular cookie or “IP” in Argentina.\n\nIn resolving this case, the Justice Department applied its Corporate Enforcement Policy factors as follows:\n\n(a) Stericycle did not receive voluntary or timely disclosure credit;\n\n(b) the company earned full cooperation credit by proactively disclosing certain evidence of which the United States was previously unaware; providing information obtained through its internal investigation; making detailed factual presentations to the DOJ; facilitating interviews of foreign-based employees; and collecting and producing relevant information and documents located outside the United States and translating foreign-language documents; and\n\n(c) Stericycle earned remediation credit by: (i) beginning remedial measures in response to its internal investigation prior to the commencement of the investigation; (ii) strengthening its corporate governance by appointing new individuals to senior management and its Board of Directors and establishing a Safety, Operations and Environmental Committee to enhance board oversight; (iii) strengthening its compliance organization by hiring additional compliance personnel, including an experienced chief ethics and compliance officer who reports directly to the CEO and chair of the audit committee; (iv) updating its code of conduct, policies, procedures and controls relating to anti-corruption, including retention and management of commercial agents and third parties, and gifts, travel and entertainment; (v) enhancing its internal reporting, investigations and risk assessment processes; (vi) overhauling its compliance training and communications; (vii) disciplining certain employees including senior managers; and (viii) divesting its subsidiaries in Mexico and Argentina and taking steps to address risks in Brazil.\n\nDespite Stericycle’s extensive remedial efforts, DOJ imposed a two-year independent compliance monitor because the company had not fully implemented or tested its enhanced compliance program.\n\nDOJ noted that Stericycle had some history of prior civil and regulatory settlements, but no prior criminal history.\n\nBased on all of these factors, including the nature of the misconduct and its pervasive misconduct in Brazil, Mexico and Argentina, DOJ agreed to discount the criminal penalty with a 25 percent reduction off the bottom of the applicable U.S. Sentencing Guideline range.', 'image': 'https://jdsupra-static.s3.amazonaws.com/profile-images/og.12022_1330.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:22'}
{'title': 'Global Investigations Review', 'keywords': ['company', 'different', 'compliance', 'monitors', 'agreements', 'settlement', 'concurrent', 'consider'], 'polarity': 0.0644, 'subjectivity': 0.3542, 'link': 'https://globalinvestigationsreview.com/guide/the-guide-monitorships/third-edition/article/concurrent-monitorships', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:26', 'summary': 'When multiple regulatory or oversight agencies appoint concurrent monitors to oversee a company, the concurrent monitors can take steps to minimise inefficiencies and the operational impact on the company.\nConcurrent monitors face additional challenges, such as coordination, timing and scheduling of inspections and interviews.\nA key point in managing a concurrent monitorship is establishing effective communication and guidelines with counsel.\nIt is usually recognised in the United States that criminal investigations take priority over monitor investigations, which ordinarily have primarily civil consequences.\nStandardising software and application platform vendors used by the concurrent monitors can increase efficiencies and improve the exchange of communication for all parties.', 'channel': 'globalinvestigationsreview.com', 'text': 'Introduction\n\nUS government agencies and other oversight entities (e.g., World Bank) regularly use independent monitors as a reliable and effective compliance tool. Independent monitors evaluate the design and effectiveness of a company’s compliance and ethics programmes to shift corporate culture away from prior ‘bad behaviour’ and determine whether the company is in compliance with applicable laws and the terms of settlement agreements.\n\nAs non-US jurisdictions have increasingly continued to adopt the US stance of holding companies accountable for the misconduct of employees, subcontractors and others, the use of independent monitors outside the United States is expected to follow suit. In fact, the UK’s Serious Fraud Office and Brazil’s Federal Prosecutor’s Office have both used external monitors in recent years. Sometimes a company may be subject to multiple settlement agreements – or probation orders – with different government agencies or oversight entities, which may substantiate the need for multiple independent monitors during any period that the agreements overlap. This is referred to as ‘concurrent monitors or monitorships’.\n\nAnalysis of concurrent monitorships\n\nThe two entities discussed below were subject to concurrent monitors for different reasons but primarily to protect the interests of all parties involved.\n\nZTE Corporation\n\nZhongxing Telecommunications Equipment Corporation (ZTE) agreed to a plea agreement with the United States Department of Justice (US DOJ) on 6 March 2017 and entered into two settlement agreements on 7 March 2017 with the Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) and the Office of Foreign Assets Control, for conspiring to violate the International Emergency Economic Powers Act.\n\nThese plea and settlement agreements required ZTE to retain an independent, third-party compliance monitor to review and assess its processes, policies and procedures regarding compliance with US export control laws, and to hire an independent compliance auditor, with expertise in US export control laws, to conduct external audits of its compliance with US export control laws. ZTE’s March 2017 settlement agreement with BIS stated that the role of the auditor and compliance monitor would be filled by the same person. US District Judge Ed Kinkeade appointed James Stanton as the independent compliance monitor to meet the requirements of the March 2017 plea and settlement agreements. In October 2018, Monitor Stanton’s appointment was extended for an additional two years until March 2022.\n\nIn March 2018, ZTE notified BIS that it had made false statements in its letters submitted to BIS, concerning the discipline of 39 employees involved in the aforementioned violations. As a result, in April 2018, BIS activated a previously suspended seven-year denial order precluding ZTE from transacting in any way with US-origin items. On 7 June 2018, ZTE entered into a superseding settlement agreement (SSA) with BIS, which included a US$1 billion fine. The SSA required ZTE to retain an independent special compliance coordinator (SCC) selected by BIS to coordinate, monitor, assess and report on ZTE’s compliance with export control laws and the SSA for a probationary period of 10 years. Subsequently, BIS issued an order on 13 July 2018 removing ZTE from the Denied Persons List. On 24 August 2018, the US Department of Commerce appointed Roscoe C Howard, Jr as the SCC.\n\nOdebrecht SA/Novonor\n\nOdebrecht SA, rebranded as Novonor, drew unwanted international attention after being embroiled in a corruption and bribery scandal. What began as an investigation by Brazilian law enforcement grew into a multinational regulatory enforcement action involving Brazil, Switzerland and the United States.\n\nIn the United States, Odebrecht was charged with conspiracy to violate the anti-bribery provisions of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and, on 21 December 2016, pleaded guilty to a one-count criminal information. On or about 1 December 2016, Odebrecht signed a leniency agreement with the Federal Public Ministry in Brazil. As part of the respective settlements, Odebrecht entered into a three-year independent compliance monitorship, and in 2017 Charles Duross oversaw Odebrecht’s compliance on behalf of the US DOJ. Separately, Odebrecht also agreed to a two-year corporate anti-bribery and anti-corruption monitorship and Otávio Yazbek, former director of Brazil’s Securities and Exchange Commission, oversaw this separate monitorship, which reported to Brazil’s Federal Prosecutors’ Office. In a 2017 interview, Yazbek acknowledged the risks associated with Odebrecht’s geographical diversity as a multinational company operating in different legal environments.\n\nSummary\n\nIn reviewing cases where concurrent monitors have been appointed in recent years, rationale has included (1) new penalties stemming from subsequent violations, (2) multiple agreements with different regulatory or oversight agencies, and (3) international jurisdictional requirements. Concurrent monitorships pose unique challenges for all parties regardless of how they come into existence. From a project management standpoint, special consideration should be given to these challenges at the outset to minimise issues and risks.\n\nScope overlap\n\nMonitorships, based on the scope outlined by the underlying resolution or settlement agreement, can be costly and disruptive to a company’s operations. Concurrent monitorships can amplify these issues. When multiple regulatory or oversight agencies appoint concurrent monitors to oversee a company, the concurrent monitors can take steps to minimise inefficiencies and the operational impact on the company. Though the involved government agencies or jurisdictions may have had different causes or reasons for entering into the settlement agreements affecting the scope of a monitorship, those agreements are most likely to include aspects of the same company compliance and ethics programme, inevitably creating scope overlap between the concurrent monitorships.\n\nAs good financial stewards of the use of company’s funds and resources in a monitorship, and in light of a possible inquiry about the reasonableness of fees and expenses from the regulators, the concurrent monitors should consider ways to efficiently navigate any intersection of their workstreams, including the sharing of information and coordination of logistics for interviews, site inspections and data preservation and collection activities (noting that local privacy laws must also be taken into consideration as well as the confidentiality requirements of the agreements). By understanding each monitor’s charge from the respective settlement agreements and engaging in regular dialogue on planning and execution, possible synergies may be gained, or areas of joint collaboration and learning may be identified, with the monitors ensuring that the required levels of confidentiality and independence are maintained.\n\nWorking effectively with all involved parties\n\nHealthy working relationships among the involved parties critically contribute to the success of concurrent monitorships. To navigate the challenges of accomplishing similar yet distinct objectives, the monitors and all interested parties must build a good rapport, maintain a mutual level of trust and make a good-faith effort to understand the perspectives and needs of all those concerned.\n\nAlthough each party may have differing interests or vantage points, the parties possess some commonality when it comes to the execution of the respective monitorships in that they need to identify and agree about certain ground rules for procedural matters in the day-to-day operations of the monitors’ work. The monitors should consider coordinating between themselves at the onset of the overlapping term of the monitorships and, as appropriate, work together with the company and its legal representatives (and the regulators, if warranted) to determine the joint protocols, if any, for addressing matters such as establishing protocols, coordinating software and application platforms, and sharing information and reports.\n\nEstablishing protocols\n\nAlthough the monitors’ individual charges may be separate and distinct, there is often some level of overlap in their work. If permissible under the respective settlement agreements, each monitor’s team should consider developing an internal protocol to determine whether to review document productions from the other monitor’s work and, if so, in what circumstances and to what level of detail. In situations where there is mutual interest between the monitors to attend company meetings and employee interviews, ground rules should be established prior to each of the monitors’ team attending such meetings and interviews. The parties might want to make clear who will be leading the enquiries, the protocol for follow-up questions or clarifications from the other monitor’s team, and an agreed preamble to be communicated to company attendees, so they clearly understand the distinction between the roles and responsibilities of the concurrent monitors.\n\nCoordinating software and application platforms\n\nEspecially in a predominately remote working environment, the use of technology has become increasingly critical in carrying on business as usual. In circumstances involving concurrent monitorships, the monitors’ teams may benefit from making a conscious effort to minimise the use of various different technology platforms (e.g., Microsoft Teams, Zoom and Google Meet) in favour of using the same software and application platforms as much as possible. Requiring the use of multiple technology platforms that serve a similar purpose can be confusing and inefficient to participants and may be cost-prohibitive to the company under monitorship. To facilitate more timely production of data and alleviate the administrative burden on the company, the monitors may consider coordinating their teams’ use of document repositories and project management tools, and make efforts to streamline the respective document production and other communication protocols. For example, if the monitors could leverage the same document repository platform vendor, both monitor teams may experience efficiencies, and may minimise learning curves in navigating different tools from the company’s perspective. It is not always possible or practical, but coordination of technology and related protocols should be considered. Although not unique to concurrent monitorships, given the heightened risk in respect of data breaches, special consideration should be given to cybersecurity risks when selecting software and application platforms and vendors, including (but not limited to) cloud-based software tools, especially when the same platforms and tools are used by the concurrent monitors’ teams.\n\nSharing information and reports\n\nTo execute the concurrent monitors’ work efficiently and effectively, and to the extent allowed by the respective settlement agreements, the concurrent monitors should consider establishing a regular meeting cadence between their teams to compare notes and discuss any findings or observations that may be relevant to their respective objectives. One example of this may be previewing high-level significant findings or internal control enhancements with the other monitor to evaluate the pervasiveness and extent of issues, as well as to fact-check the monitors’ understanding of the company’s processes and procedures. Although the concurrent monitors’ work plans and deliverables themselves may be proprietary and confidential in nature, maintaining an open dialogue, again where allowable by the respective settlement agreements, is mutually beneficial to all parties involved. By sharing mutual challenges and communicating issues that are bubbling to the surface in real time, the monitors may be able to more swiftly escalate prevalent compliance issues to the company, which may result in more dedicated company resources and attention to remediating high-priority concerns. With the common goal of monitoring and assessing the company’s compliance pursuant to the respective settlements, the monitors can work together yet separately to address issues while also maintaining their independence and confidentiality requirements. When there are limitations that affect one monitor’s ability to communicate with another monitor (owing to the settlement agreement, non-disclosure agreement, independence or privacy concerns), one should consider identifying areas where cooperation is possible while fulfilling one’s own mission. Think dual, not duel.\n\nEmployee communication\n\nWhen multiple monitors are involved, it can be complicated for a company to explain to employees the different roles and responsibilities of each monitor, which can result in employee misunderstanding or confusion. Especially in concurrent monitorships, it is critical for the company to instil an open flow of information with the monitors and encourage employees to freely share information with them. Likewise, it is important for the concurrent monitors to establish a level of trust and rapport with employees, reiterating their roles and responsibilities and providing employees with multiple mechanisms to report complaints or concerns confidentially or anonymously. The company should design an effective communication strategy to ensure employees have a clear understanding of the respective roles, responsibilities and purpose of each monitor. The roles of the company’s senior and local leadership teams are significant in driving these communications to employees and mandating an open dialogue.\n\nWhen designing written notifications for employees, the company may want to consider adding a headshot of each monitor, the logo of the affiliated regulatory agency or country, and simple and concise language defining the scope of each monitor as well as the expectations regarding cooperation with the monitors.\n\nWhen interviewing employees, a monitor should consider including in an introduction who he or she is, the regulatory agency or body that appointed him or her and the purpose of the monitorship. The monitor should then obtain confirmation of each employee’s understanding. If employees do not understand the distinction between the concurrent monitors and their respective purposes, they may:\n\nbelieve that they have already discussed a topic with monitor A when in reality the prior discussion was with monitor B;\n\nchoose not to volunteer or share information believed to be out of scope; or\n\ncontact the incorrect monitor with whistle-blower complaints or be hesitant in reaching out because of confusion or uncertainty regarding each monitor’s purpose.\n\nConcurrent monitors face additional challenges, such as coordination, timing and scheduling of inspections and interviews. These challenges can be a burden on employee resources if not handled properly.\n\nCommunications with counsel for the company\n\nIn nearly every monitorship, in-house or external legal counsel (or both) represent the monitored company. A key point in managing a concurrent monitorship is establishing effective communication and guidelines with counsel.\n\nAlthough it is possible for monitors to commence their work simultaneously, it is more likely that they will start at different times. When a subsequent monitor is appointed after an initial monitor, operating procedures and expectations would have already been set between the first monitor and counsel (e.g., whether external counsel will be present for employee interviews or whether the company is waiving privilege). As a result, the first monitor’s historical interactions, arrangements and actions typically will affect the subsequent monitor’s initial protocols and communications with counsel.\n\nWhen establishing how to interact with the company’s counsel during a concurrent monitorship, each monitor and counsel may consider:\n\ncommunicating what, if any, specific role, or roles, counsel will play throughout the monitorship. In the event that multiple law firms and counsel are involved, the monitor should understand the role of each;\n\ncommunicating whether the company or its counsel plans to exclude one or more of the monitors from certain issues or company updates. Given the difference in the scope of the concurrent monitors, the company and its counsel may want to clarify scope in situations where a monitor may have different expectations;\n\nestablishing counsel’s role (if any) in the company’s response to monitor document requests, including whether the company is redacting or not disclosing items because of privilege, trade secrets or state secrets; and\n\nestablishing whether counsel may be present during monitor interviews or meetings with company representatives.\n\nBurden on company resources\n\nAs enforcement agencies must weigh the costs and benefits of imposing a potential monitorship, so too must a monitor consider how the scope of his or her work affects the company in relation to the benefits for the enforcement agency, the company and the public. In situations where multiple enforcement agencies appoint more than one monitor, these considerations for each monitor are compounded.\n\nConcurrent monitors must therefore account for the increased strain on the company in terms of time, expense and resources. For example, areas of strain often relate to (1) document and data requests, (2) employee interviews and (3) reconciliation of monitor recommendations.\n\nDocument and data requests\n\nInformation gathering is critical in any monitorship, and document and data requests make up the bulk of the role during the initial phases of the monitorship. As such, the company should manage the requests through an internal liaison or project management team to coordinate the productions to the monitors. Although concurrent monitors may have different objectives based on the respective settlement agreements, the monitors are likely to share an interest and need to review company records produced for overlapping monitor requests.\n\nEmployee interviews\n\nSimilar to document and data requests, employee interviews ordinarily form a large part of the information gathering needed for monitorships. In the case of concurrent monitorships, the monitors should consult with the company to establish a protocol for submitting interview requests through the company’s liaison team. When establishing the protocol, the monitors should consider determining (1) whether and when each monitor is to receive notice from the other monitor regarding interview requests and (2) whether each monitor will extend an opportunity to the other monitor to jointly participate in or observe the interviews (to the extent allowable by the settlement agreements). By sharing notices of interviews and agreeing to joint interviews, the monitors can avoid scheduling conflicts and minimise business disruption within a particular company location, division or department. Moreover, joint interviews may limit the need to interview the same employee multiple times. Although not always possible given the timing of the respective monitor appointments, these practices might be particularly helpful during the early stages of a concurrent monitorship, when the monitors are likely to identify similar company leadership representatives for their initial sets of interviews.\n\nReconciliation of monitor recommendations\n\nDuring a concurrent monitorship, each monitor will have his or her own observations and findings about the company’s efforts to develop and implement its compliance and ethics programme, which usually include reports to the company and the relevant enforcement agency. These reports are sometimes accompanied by actionable recommendations for improvements in the effectiveness of the company’s compliance and ethics programme and related internal control enhancements. For example, these recommendations may include changes to the company’s systems, or updates to policies or other business practices to address compliance gaps. These recommendations may require substantial company resources to implement. To the extent that each monitor has access to the reports and recommendations of the other, the monitors should be cognisant of each other’s recommendations in an effort to be fully aware of the depth and breadth of issues. Independent corroboration of similar findings may illustrate that the issues are not anecdotal and may serve as a measure of confirmation of significant compliance gaps. By regularly communicating changes to its policies and procedures to the concurrent monitors, the company can help to ensure that future recommendations are practical and based on the current processes of the company.\n\nDiffering opinions among concurrent monitors\n\nDuring concurrent monitorships, the findings and recommendations of the monitors may differ or be contradictory. Successful project management acknowledges that such divergence may occur and has a plan to address these situations where necessary.\n\nIn the event that the company or concurrent monitors find themselves in this position, the first step is to understand the reported discrepancy. As British novelist CS Lewis reminds us: ‘For what you see and hear depends a good deal on where you are standing[.]’ The reason for the discrepancy could be as simple as the monitors working from different sources of information or a different context in which the company presented the information. For instance, one monitor may have reviewed different documents or conducted different employee interviews that have led to a finding and recommendation differing from that of the other monitor.\n\nFurthermore, the company may have agreed to be subject to additional areas of oversight with one enforcement agency but not the other. As a result, the vantage point through which the monitors view the company’s actions and report findings, risks and recommendations may be different and explain the apparent discrepancy.\n\nThe monitors and the company should consider reviewing the findings and recommendations together to determine whether the discrepancies require reconciliation and, if so, the process to resolve them, including possible revisions or refinements of the findings or recommendations. For instance, one monitor may have intended the application of a finding or recommendation to be narrow in scope, or to address a specific aspect of the company’s operations, or a specific risk associated with only the regulations under its purview.\n\nJurisdictional conflicts\n\nConcurrent monitors will often deal with multinational companies. One challenging aspect of monitoring a multinational company is the conflicts of law that may arise. Any significant differences between the laws and business practices of different jurisdictions need to be identified so that these expectations can be managed at the beginning of the monitorship.\n\nThis is certainly true in the area of data privacy. Regulation (EU) 2016/679, which was adopted on 14 April 2016 and entered into force on 25 May 2018, is one of the strictest privacy laws in the world. Although it was drafted and passed by the European Union, it imposes obligations on companies anywhere that target or collect data concerning citizens of the European Union and the European Economic Area.\n\nConcurrent monitors should have protocols in place at the beginning of the monitorship to avoid situations that will require the monitor to return to the company any information improperly provided or disclosed by the company. It is incumbent upon all parties to ensure they are adhering to both international laws and the laws of the governing jurisdiction.\n\nCriminal investigation during monitorship\n\nConcurrent monitors should be sensitive to the possibility of criminal investigations and prosecution of matters within the scope of the monitorships. If the monitorship is established as a result of, or concerning, a criminal investigation or prosecution, other matters may remain open to further criminal investigation and prosecution. Consideration should be given by a concurrent monitor to determine whether certain aspects of his or her work should be approached differently, on a different timeline than originally planned, or not at all given the pending investigation or prosecution. It is usually recognised in the United States that criminal investigations take priority over monitor investigations, which ordinarily have primarily civil consequences.\n\nInternational considerations\n\nIn addition to navigating international laws, there are other considerations for monitors to keep in mind. Language, for example, can be a challenging factor to navigate. Differences in interpretation can affect concurrent monitors’ understanding of the issues and potential compliance gaps. Content in certain languages, when translated into English, can lend itself to multiple ‘correct’ interpretations. Concurrent monitors using different translation service providers may not receive consistent interpretations of the same content. As a result, it is imperative for concurrent monitors to maintain open communication channels as far as possible, so that such differences in interpretation may be addressed in a timely manner.\n\nLessons learned from concurrent monitorships\n\nIn the United States, there are many enforcement agencies that may impose an independent monitor on a company. Going forward, companies can expect prosecutors in the United States as well as around the world to rely frequently on independent monitors as an effective mechanism to deter future misconduct. This chapter has discussed significant topics for those vested in, or affected by, the practice of concurrent monitorships. Monitors, companies, counsel and their respective consultants should consider the following key takeaways:\n\nSettlement agreements requiring a monitor should consider, to the extent possible and permissible by the confidentiality provisions, the sharing of information and communications with any subsequently appointed monitor in the event that these circumstances should arise or, at a minimum, outline a protocol to revisit the sharing of information and communications at a future date. If the agreements do not contemplate the sharing of information, the parties may want to consider entering into a separate confidentiality or non-disclosure agreement to permit communication and sharing of information between themselves to the extent possible.\n\nStandardising software and application platform vendors used by the concurrent monitors can increase efficiencies and improve the exchange of communication for all parties.\n\nThe company should consider establishing a monitor liaison team with dedicated resources to manage the requests and enquiries from concurrent monitors.\n\nThe company should design an effective communication strategy to ensure that its employees are informed about the role and responsibilities of the respective monitors.\n\nAll parties, where permissible, should consider engaging in regular dialogue to reduce inefficiencies, create synergies and alleviate undue burden on the company’s resources.\n\nFootnotes', 'image': 'https://globalinvestigationsreview.com/images/logos/gir-logo.svg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:26'}

{'title': 'Coffee Settles Mixed on Dollar Strength and Dryness in Brazil', 'keywords': ['country', 'flagopen', 'flag', 'dollar', 'themarket', 'market', 'menu', 'switch', 'data', 'choicefor', 'targeted', 'brazil'], 'polarity': 0.0, 'subjectivity': 0.25, 'link': 'https://www.barchart.com/story/news/8089578/coffee-settles-mixed-on-dollar-strength-and-dryness-in-brazil', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:33', 'summary': 'Switch the Market flagOpen the menu and switch theMarket flag for targeted data from your country of choice.\nfor targeted data from your country of choice.', 'channel': 'barchart.com', 'text': 'Switch the Market flag\n\nOpen the menu and switch the\n\nMarket flag for targeted data from your country of choice.\n\nfor targeted data from your country of choice.', 'image': 'https://media.barchart.com/contributors-admin/common-images/images/Softs/Espresso%20Machine%20filling%20Cups%20of%20Coffee.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:33'}
{'title': 'Sugar Prices Mixed on Strength in Crude and Weakness in the Brazilian Real', 'keywords': ['sugar', 'flagopen', 'mixed', 'brazilian', 'themarket', 'market', 'menu', 'flag', 'data', 'choicefor', 'targeted', 'country', 'switch'], 'polarity': 0.0, 'subjectivity': 0.25, 'link': 'https://www.barchart.com/story/news/8089568/sugar-prices-mixed-on-strength-in-crude-and-weakness-in-the-brazilian-real', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:24', 'summary': 'Switch the Market flagOpen the menu and switch theMarket flag for targeted data from your country of choice.\nfor targeted data from your country of choice.', 'channel': 'barchart.com', 'text': 'Switch the Market flag\n\nOpen the menu and switch the\n\nMarket flag for targeted data from your country of choice.\n\nfor targeted data from your country of choice.', 'image': 'https://media.barchart.com/contributors-admin/common-images/images/Softs/spoon%20pouring%20sugar%20over%20small%20jar.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:24'}

{'title': 'US judge holds Donald Trump in contempt in New York fraud probe', 'keywords': ['donald', 'james', 'holds', 'attorney', 'general', 'documents', 'fraud', 'court', 'subpoena', 'investigation'], 'polarity': 0.1035, 'subjectivity': 0.2899, 'link': 'https://www.france24.com/en/americas/20220425-us-judge-holds-donald-trump-in-contempt-in-new-york-fraud-probe', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:51', 'summary': "Former President Donald Trump speaks during a visit to the border wall outside Pharr, Texas in this file photo taken on June 30, 2021.\nAll documents responsive to the subpoena were produced to the attorney general months ago,” she said.\n“For years, Donald Trump has tried to evade the law and stop our lawful investigation into him and his company’s financial dealings.\nToday’s ruling makes clear: No one is above the law.”#BREAKING: In a major victory, a court has ruled in our favor to hold Donald Trump in contempt of court.\nDonald Trump must pay $10,000 per day for every day that he continues to defy the court's order to turn over documents to my office.", 'channel': 'france24.com', 'text': "Former President Donald Trump speaks during a visit to the border wall outside Pharr, Texas in this file photo taken on June 30, 2021.\n\nA New York judge found former President Donald Trump in contempt of court and set in motion $10,000 daily fines Monday for failing to adequately respond to a subpoena issued by the state’s attorney general as part of a civil investigation into his business dealings.\n\nAdvertising Read more\n\nJudge Arthur Engoron said a contempt finding was appropriate because Trump and his lawyers hadn’t shown they had conducted a proper search for records sought by the subpoena.\n\n“Mr. Trump, I know you take your business seriously, and I take mine seriously,” Engoron said in a Manhattan courtroom that was packed with reporters, but absent of Trump. “I hereby hold you in civil contempt and fine you $10,000 a day” until the terms of the subpoena are met.\n\nNew York Attorney General Letitia James, a Democrat, had asked the court to hold Trump in contempt after he failed to produce any documents to satisfy a March 31 court-imposed deadline to meet the terms of the subpoena.\n\nTrump, a Republican, has been fighting James in court over her investigation, which he has called a politically motivated “witch hunt.” During oral arguments Monday, Trump attorney Alina Habba said that “Donald Trump does not believe he is above the law.”\n\nHabba said in a statement that the ruling will be appealed.\n\n“We respectfully disagree with the court’s decision. All documents responsive to the subpoena were produced to the attorney general months ago,” she said.\n\nJames has been conducting a lengthy investigation into the Trump Organization, the former president’s family company, centering around what she has claimed is a pattern of misleading banks and tax authorities about the value of his properties.\n\n“Today, justice prevailed,” James said in a release after Engoron’s ruling. “For years, Donald Trump has tried to evade the law and stop our lawful investigation into him and his company’s financial dealings. Today’s ruling makes clear: No one is above the law.”\n\n#BREAKING: In a major victory, a court has ruled in our favor to hold Donald Trump in contempt of court. Donald Trump must pay $10,000 per day for every day that he continues to defy the court's order to turn over documents to my office. https://t.co/AFAPPrnce4 — NY AG James (@NewYorkStateAG) April 25, 2022\n\nThe contempt finding by the judge came despite a spirited argument by Habba, who insisted repeatedly that she went to great lengths to comply with the subpoena, even traveling to Florida to ask Trump specifically whether he had in his possession any documents that would be responsive to the demand.\n\nThe judge, though, criticized the lack of detailed explanation in the Trump team’s formal response to the subpoena, telling Habba: “You can’t just stand here and say I searched this and that.”\n\nAnd after saying he felt “like there’s an 800-pound gorilla in the room here,” he asked why the response to the subpoena didn’t include an affidavit from Trump.\n\nHabba noted that Trump does not send emails or text messages and has no work computer “at home or anywhere else.” She described the search for documents as “diligent.”\n\n“The contempt motion is inappropriate and misleading,” she said. “He complied. ... There are no more documents left to produce by President Trump.”\n\nShe also derided the James probe as a “political crusade” and “truly a fishing expedition,” saying Trump and his companies had turned over more than 6 million documents and paperwork related to 103 Trump entities for an eight-year period.\n\n“We’ve turned over everything as fast as possible. This is a waste of judicial resources,” Habba added.\n\nShe also defended Trump’s character, saying: “My client is an honest person much to the dismay of certain people in this room.”\n\nTrump spokespeople did not immediately respond to a request for comment.\n\nInvestigators for James have said in court filings that they uncovered evidence that Trump may have misstated the value of assets like golf courses and skyscrapers on his financial statements for more than a decade.\n\nAt the hearing, Assistant Attorney General Andrew Amer said the investigation was being hampered “because we don’t have evidence from the person at the top of this organization.”\n\nAnd he said the failure to turn documents over in response to the subpoena was “effectively Mr. Trump thumbing his nose at this court’s order.”\n\nStill, Assistant Attorney General Kevin Wallace signaled the probe was about to move to a new phase, saying: “We plan to bring enforcement action in the near future.”\n\nA parallel criminal investigation is being conducted by the Manhattan District Attorney, Alvin Bragg, also a Democrat.\n\nMonday’s contempt finding was not the first for someone who has held the nation’s highest office.\n\nWhile in the White House, then-President Bill Clinton was found in civil contempt of court in April 1999 in connection to his deposition in a sexual harassment lawsuit filed against him in Arkansas by Paula Jones.\n\nJudge Susan Webber Wright held him in contempt for his testimony, where he falsely said he hadn’t had a sexual relationship with former White House intern Monica Lewinsky. That contempt citation came two months after his acquittal in Congress on articles of impeachment over his testimony.\n\n(AP)\n\nDaily newsletterReceive essential international news every morning Subscribe", 'image': 'https://s.france24.com/media/display/d60741fa-9035-11ec-a56a-005056bfb2b6/w:1280/p:16x9/000_32342M3.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:51'}
{'title': 'Donald Trump found in contempt of court in New York civil case', 'keywords': ['judge', 'donald', 'state', 'james', 'probe', 'civil', 'attorney', 'york', 'court', 'case', 'investigation', 'generals'], 'polarity': 0.0534, 'subjectivity': 0.3567, 'link': 'https://www.cbc.ca/news/world/ny-trump-organization-contempt-1.6430134?cmp=rss', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:15', 'summary': 'A New York judge on Monday held former U.S. president Donald Trump in contempt of court for not producing documents subpoenaed in the state attorney general\'s civil probe of his business practices and ordered Trump to be fined $10,000 US per day until he complies.\nEngoron recently ruled that Trump and two of his adult children, Donald Trump Jr. and Ivanka Trump, must answer questions under oath in the probe.\nTrump Organization CFO Allen Weisselberg was charged criminally in 2021 for tax fraud by the Manhattan District Attorney\'s Office.\nNew York Attorney General Letitia James, shown on Dec. 14, 2021, welcomed Monday\'s court ruling.\n"Our investigation into Donald Trump and the Trump Organization\'s financial dealings will continue undeterred because no one is above the law."', 'channel': 'cbc.ca', 'text': 'A New York judge on Monday held former U.S. president Donald Trump in contempt of court for not producing documents subpoenaed in the state attorney general\'s civil probe of his business practices and ordered Trump to be fined $10,000 US per day until he complies.\n\nTrump lost a bid to quash a subpoena from state Attorney General Letitia James, then failed to produce all of the documents by a court-ordered March 3 deadline, later extended to March 31 at his lawyers\' request.\n\nJustice Arthur Engoron ruled that a contempt finding was appropriate because of what the judge called "repeated failures" to hand over materials and that it was not clear Trump had conducted a complete search for the responsive documents.\n\n"Mr. Trump, I know you take your business seriously, and I take mine seriously. I hereby hold you in civil contempt," the judge said, although Trump himself was not in the courtroom.\n\nEngoron recently ruled that Trump and two of his adult children, Donald Trump Jr. and Ivanka Trump, must answer questions under oath in the probe. Trump\'s other son, Eric, sat for a deposition in late 2021.\n\nIn arguing for the $10,000 daily fine during the hearing, Andrew Amer, special litigation counsel with the attorney general\'s office, said the fine was meant to coerce Trump into complying with the documents, not punish him.\n\nValuations, taxes under scrutiny\n\nJames is investigating whether the Trump Organization, the former president\'s New York City-based family company, misstated the values of its real estate properties to obtain favourable loans and tax deductions. Trump Organization CFO Allen Weisselberg was charged criminally in 2021 for tax fraud by the Manhattan District Attorney\'s Office.\n\nJames has said her probe had found "significant evidence" suggesting that for more than a decade, the company\'s financial statements "relied on misleading asset valuations and other misrepresentations to secure economic benefits."\n\nNew York Attorney General Letitia James, shown on Dec. 14, 2021, welcomed Monday\'s court ruling. (Seth Wenig/The Associated Press)\n\nThe attorney general has questioned how the Trump Organization valued the Trump brand, as well as properties — including golf clubs in New York and Scotland and Trump\'s own penthouse apartment in Midtown Manhattan\'s Trump Tower.\n\n"Today, justice prevailed," James said after Monday\'s ruling. "Our investigation into Donald Trump and the Trump Organization\'s financial dealings will continue undeterred because no one is above the law."\n\nAlina Habba, a lawyer for Trump and the company, said at the hearing that James\'s investigation was a "fishing expedition" and that the Trump Organization was "right on schedule" with its production of documents.\n\n"This is a political crusade," Habba said. "The attorney general\'s investigation has seemingly become aimless."\n\nTrump, a Republican, denies wrongdoing and has called the investigation politically motivated. James is a Democrat who previously oversaw a case in which Trump was ordered to pay $2 million and dissolve a charitable foundation authorities accused him of misusing.\n\nTrump continues to enjoy strong support within the Republican Party ahead of a potential bid to regain the presidency, despite also facing investigations by the Jan. 6 committee in Congress looking into Trump and White House statements and actions ahead of the Capitol riot in 2021, as well as a special grand jury what will soon be empanelled to examine attempts to pressure Georgia officials over 2020 election results that saw President Joe Biden carry that state.\n\nTrump\'s Save America leadership political action committee has raised some $112.5 million in cash since November 2020, according to federal filings obtained by Reuters, and he\'s endorsed more than 100 candidates who are in congressional and state races this year.', 'image': 'https://i.cbc.ca/1.6430145.1650906455!/fileImage/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/16x9_620/trump.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:15'}

{'title': 'Government seeks price controls on 25 basic products to control inflation', 'keywords': ['basic', 'obrador', 'products', '25', 'prices', 'president', 'food', 'lópez', 'going', 'produce', 'inflation'], 'polarity': -0.0001, 'subjectivity': 0.1751, 'link': 'https://mexiconewsdaily.com/news/government-seeks-price-controls/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:34', 'summary': 'As inflation soars to almost 8%, the federal government is seeking an agreement with private companies to limit price increases on basic food items.\nLópez Obrador said three weeks ago that the government was considering placing price controls on basic food items as part of efforts to control inflation.\nLópez Obrador indicated Monday that a government program to confront inflation would be presented next week.\nHe said his main current concern as president was to control inflation because of the impact it has on family budgets.\nI believe that we’ll present the plan in a week,” López Obrador said.“We’ve made a lot of progress, we’re speaking with businesspeople, with producers,” he said.', 'channel': 'mexiconewsdaily.com', 'text': 'As inflation soars to almost 8%, the federal government is seeking an agreement with private companies to limit price increases on basic food items.\n\nJesús Ramírez, President López Obrador’s spokesman and communications coordinator, told the news agency Bloomberg that the pact would focus on the approximately 25 products that make up the canasta básica, a basic selection of foodstuffs including beans, rice, eggs and sugar.\n\nHe said in a phone interview that it hadn’t been decided exactly which products would be included in the agreement.\n\nTwo other Bloomberg sources said that government officials had met with representatives of leading companies to discuss the plan.\n\nLópez Obrador said three weeks ago that the government was considering placing price controls on basic food items as part of efforts to control inflation. Consumer prices were up 7.72% annually in early April, a 20-year high well above the central bank’s target of 3% give or take a percentage point.\n\nLópez Obrador indicated Monday that a government program to confront inflation would be presented next week.\n\n“We’re doing well in tax collection, we’re doing well in job creation, the peso is resisting and we’re going to … start a program to confront inflation, we’re working on that,” the president said at his morning news conference.\n\nLópez Obrador – whose government subsidizes gasoline and last year attempted to cap LP gas prices – said that electricity and fuel prices were only up 0.6%, but acknowledged that the government has to act on food prices by “seeking agreement with producers.”\n\n“I’ll take the opportunity to tell farmers, small producers, that we’re already delivering support and we have to sow [new crops], we have to produce,” he said.\n\n“No country can get ahead if it doesn’t produce and at this time it’s essential to sow corn, beans, rice. … Just as we must be self-sufficient in energy, we have to be self-sufficient in food, and that’s what we’re trying [to achieve] now,” López Obrador said.\n\nHe said his main current concern as president was to control inflation because of the impact it has on family budgets.\n\n“We’re working on that. I believe that we’ll present the plan in a week,” López Obrador said.“We’ve made a lot of progress, we’re speaking with businesspeople, with producers,” he said.\n\n“… We’re going to produce, we’re going to plant now that it’s time … in order to have corn, to have beans, to have basic foods. [Production] helps a lot because there is a global imbalance that was produced or precipitated with the pandemic and then it worsened with the war [in Ukraine],” López Obrador said.\n\n“An agreement has to be sought to guarantee peace and not affect the economy,” he added. … “We’re going to try to have low inflation compared to other countries, but it’s a global phenomenon.”\n\nExperts have raised concerns about the possibility of food shortages if the government introduce price caps because lower prices could discourage production.\n\n“In the medium and long term, you could create shortages and black markets,” said James Salazar, deputy director of economic analysis at CI Banco.\n\nWith reports from Bloomberg and El Universal', 'image': 'https://mexiconewsdaily.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/food-basket.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:34'}
{'title': 'Shortages Force Cuban Gov. to Restructure its Retail Market', 'keywords': ['agricultural', 'gov', 'products', 'prices', 'food', 'market', 'greater', 'usd', 'inflation', 'local'], 'polarity': -0.0107, 'subjectivity': 0.3296, 'link': 'https://havanatimes.org/features/shortages-force-cuban-gov-to-restructure-its-retail-market/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:43', 'summary': 'Similar mechanisms have been implemented in some of Cuba’s other 14 provinces, for the sale of regulated and rationed food products by household, which part of the population was asking for.\nThis document ensures that every Cuban, regardless of income, has a monthly quota of a small quantity of some products.\nAgricultural products can be bought freely at so-called agro-markets when and if available, although there are plenty of complaints from consumers about prices there being “abusive”.\nCitizens and experts have questioned the USD stores, in force since 2019, saying that it creates market segmentation and inequalities in consumer access.\nStudies before the restructuring of the food sector indicate that Cuban households spent over 80% of their income on buying food.', 'channel': 'havanatimes.org', 'text': 'Customers wait outside a store selling some food items, in the Central Havana municipality. Residents in the Cuban capital say that local governments of Havana’s 15 municipalities need to better organize access to scarce products and find alternatives to prevent long lines. Photo: Jorge Luis Baños / IPS\n\nBy Luis Brizuela (IPS)\n\nHAVANA TIMES – With the retail market in the Cuban capital now being administrated at a municipal level, local governments are looking to facilitate access to food and other products, with shortages and high prices hitting low-income families the hardest, as well as sparking concerns and discontent.\n\nWaiting for dozens of measures geared towards driving agricultural production to pay off, local governments are trying to get greater control over distribution.\n\nThis Caribbean island’s depleted coffers are in no condition to take on additional expenses with prices of raw materials shooting up on the global market.\n\nThe Havana Provincial Government announced that as of Thursday 21st, residents are only be able to buy at stores of the state-monopoly chains Caribe and Cimex in their municipality of the 15 that make up the capital.\n\nSimilar mechanisms have been implemented in some of Cuba’s other 14 provinces, for the sale of regulated and rationed food products by household, which part of the population was asking for.\n\nPensioner Paula Griñán, a resident in the central neighborhood of Vedado, told IPS that she thought it was the right decision, because “it’s the only way I hope I can buy something.”\n\nEsther Cuesta, a primary school teacher living in the Central Havana municipality, agreed, and pointed out in her conversation with IPS that “resellers make it impossible to buy anything, as they collude with employees at these establishments a lot of the time.”\n\nOther Havana residents consulted by IPS said that Havana’s 15 municipalities need to better organize access to scarce products and find alternatives for municipalities with less stores than the densely populated neighborhoods of Central Havana or Vedado.\n\nIn fact, local governments are planning to regulate sales by scanning residents’ ID cards and making a note in their rations booklets.\n\nThis document ensures that every Cuban, regardless of income, has a monthly quota of a small quantity of some products. Although it doesn’t come close to covering all dietary needs, it is relief for low-income households and vulnerable groups. Every little bit helps, people say.\n\nIt’s worth mentioning that the stores where these measures will be implemented sell in Cuban pesos and ration sales of food and products classified as “basic essentials and high-impact products”, such as cooking oil, chicken, minced meat, soap, detergent, toothpaste, deodorant, cigarettes, etc.\n\nAgricultural products can be bought freely at so-called agro-markets when and if available, although there are plenty of complaints from consumers about prices there being “abusive”. The only regulated product at these establishments are potatoes, as they are sowed and distributed only by the State.\n\nAnother retail network has a far greater variety of foods and products, but you can only purchase them with magnetic cards and prices in USD, backed by foreign currencies deposited in the bank, a mechanism that only Cubans with relatives and friends living abroad have access to.\n\nCitizens and experts have questioned the USD stores, in force since 2019, saying that it creates market segmentation and inequalities in consumer access.\n\nThe Government has defended that this is a mechanism to bring in foreign currency and to fund purchases at stores selling in Cuban pesos.\n\nRestricting purchases to municipalities of residence was a measure in force during several months in 2020 and 2021, during the worse moments of the COVID-19 pandemic, with the objective of limiting people’s movement in this city of 2.2 million people, in a country of 11.2 million inhabitants.\n\nThe Havana Provincial Government has now underlined that this depends on “availability of products and with the objective of making sales more feasible, reaching greater equity, and as a result, reducing crowds of people at these establishments.”\n\nCuban economist Pedro Monreal posted on his social media that the measure is an expression of “repressed inflation (price controls used to prevent inflation without removing the underlying inflationary pressures) and exhibit an egalitarian approach, not greater equity, as they’ve [the Government] said.”\n\nA salesperson serves a customer inside an independent market selling agricultural produce in the Central Havana municipality. Studies before the restructuring of the food sector indicate that Cuban households spent over 80% of their income on buying food. Photo: Jorge Luis Baños / IPS\n\nThe burden of inflation\n\nThe structural crisis of Cuba’s economy dating back three decades has become a lot worse because of the impact of COVID-19 on the country’s main sources of revenue such as tourism, selling professional services and receiving remittances.\n\nMeanwhile, the extraterritorial scope of the US’ stricter embargo against the island adds obstacles to purchasing products, makes freight charges more expensive and prohibits the island’s access to loans from international bodies, which the Cuban Government has repeatedly complained about.\n\nIn addition to this, the country has the added burden of inflation because of economic reforms that began in January 2021, which included eliminating the dual-currency system and subsidies, the devaluation of the peso, as well as an increase in prices of goods and services, although they stuck with a partial dollarization of the economy.\n\nBy the end of 2021, official statistics estimated inflation growth at 77%, but these figures only took formal market indicators into account. Other economists and specialized organizations calculate inflation at over 500%.\n\n“Inflation engulfed the real value of savings in pesos and voided the nominal increase in wages and pensions implemented last year,” Cuban economist and researcher Pavel Vidal told IPS from Cali, Colombia. Vidal works as a professor at the Pontifical Xavierian University in that country.\n\nWith currency reform, the minimum wage was increased to the equivalent of 87 USD (at the official 24:1 exchange rate), and the maximum wage to almost 400. In the case of pensions, the lowest stands at 63 USD, at the official exchange rate.\n\nThe measure fixed the official exchange rate at 24 pesos to 1 USD, but given the fact it’s impossible to buy them from the Central Bank, citizens are turn to the illicit market where the exchange rate ranges from 110-115 pesos to 1 USD, depending on the region.\n\nThe Government has admitted that essential basic goods and services now costs double the 60 USD initially planned for monthly expenses.\n\n“Families with access to remittances, foreign currency or able to invest in private business that benefit from increased prices can find ways to protect themselves against inflation, even if it’s only partially,” Vidal pointed out.\n\nHowever, “the majority of the population with fixed wages and pensions in Cubans pesos have no way to escape the reality of seeing their purchasing power drop every month,” the expert verified.\n\nStudies before currency reform warned that over 80% of income in Cuban households is dedicated to buying food.\n\nThe driver of a tricycle, that works as a bicitaxi and is decorated with Cuban flags, talking to a customer outside a home for sale in a Havana neighborhood. Waiting for dozens of measures geared towards driving agricultural production to pay off in added harvests, local governments are trying to get greater control over distribution. Photo: Jorge Luis Baños/IPS\n\nAgriculture still not taking off\n\nPresident Miguel Diaz-Canel’s government approved a series of measures in April 2021 to stimulate agricultural production, but it still hasn’t reaped significant results in a country that needs to import approximately 70% of its food.\n\nIn the financial report presented in March by the minister of Agriculture, Ydael Perez, admitted that 2021 was one of the worst years in the past decade, in terms of producing agricultural goods and services, failing to meet 32 out of the State’s 37 planned production targets.\n\nIn another official report it was noted that in January, 457 state-led companies recorded losses, out of which 93% belong to the agricultural sector, the sugar industry, the food industry, construction, transport and local subordinated companies.\n\nFor decades, economists have insisted on the need for structural change to the State’s centrally planned and administrated economy, with the objective of increasing production of food and services, as well as cutting further shackles on business management and channeling greater investments towards industrial and agricultural activities.\n\nMeanwhile, they have urged the State to eliminate its monopoly of wholesale and retail markets, allowing private companies, and cooperatives to work, as well as foreign chains that could support greater availability of food and other supplies, as well as better-quality products.\n\nBut it’s very hard for those with a monopoly to give it up or want to compete. This is the state of the formal economy in the hands of the Government and military.\n\nVidal believes that in Cuba it’s “vital to continue with pending structural reforms, such as implementing a macroeconomic stabilization policy.”\n\nHe argued that “the longer we have the currency crisis, the harder and more expensive deflation will be, and the greater the damage will be to the economy.”\n\nOther analysts have observed that an ongoing economic slowdown will mean greater deterioration of the general population’s living conditions, as well as increased emigration and social unrest.\n\nRead more from Cuba here on Havana Times', 'image': 'https://havanatimes.org/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/20220419JLB_04-2048x1366-1-800x534-1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:43'}

{'title': 'Why employers are able to hire more tech talent in Canada', 'keywords': ['permanent', 'workers', 'eligible', 'program', 'work', 'able', 'immigration', 'candidates'], 'polarity': 0.0756, 'subjectivity': 0.273, 'link': 'https://www.cicnews.com/2022/04/why-employers-are-able-to-hire-more-tech-talent-in-canada-0424659.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:23', 'summary': 'Why employers are able to hire more tech talent in CanadaWhy employers are able to hire more tech talent in Canada Canada has a number of work permit and permanent residency options to support the hiring of foreign talent in tech.\nWhy employers are able to hire more tech talent in Canada Canada has a number of work permit and permanent residency options to support the hiring of foreign talent in tech.\nWhy employers are able to hire more tech talent in Canada Canada has a number of work permit and permanent residency options to support the hiring of foreign talent in tech.\nRecognizing the importance of the tech sector to the economy, federal and provincial governments offer a host of options to employers seeking to recruit tech talent.\nOntario Tech DrawsOntario conducts Tech Draws for tech workers who are eligible for the Human Capital Priorities (HCP) stream.', 'channel': 'cicnews.com', 'text': 'Canada has a number of work permit and permanent residency options to support the hiring of foreign talent in tech.\n\nWhy employers are able to hire more tech talent in Canada\n\nWhy employers are able to hire more tech talent in Canada Canada has a number of work permit and permanent residency options to support the hiring of foreign talent in tech.\n\nWhy employers are able to hire more tech talent in Canada Canada has a number of work permit and permanent residency options to support the hiring of foreign talent in tech.\n\nWhy employers are able to hire more tech talent in Canada Canada has a number of work permit and permanent residency options to support the hiring of foreign talent in tech. Shelby Thevenot Aa Accessibility Font Style Serif\n\nSans Font Size A\n\nA\n\nCanadian tech employers continue to face labour shortages, as the tech sector continues to grow despite the pandemic. One way to support gaps in the labour market is to hire talent from abroad.\n\nThe shortage of qualified workers in Canada was the crux of the Council of Canadian Innovators‘ recent call for the federal government to pilot a new visa that would allow tech workers to come to Canada without a job offer.\n\nRecognizing the importance of the tech sector to the economy, federal and provincial governments offer a host of options to employers seeking to recruit tech talent. Here are some options your company can explore pursuing.\n\nSchedule a Free Work Permit Consultation with the Cohen Immigration Law Firm\n\nGlobal Talent Stream\n\nThe Global Talent Stream is designed to process 80% of applications in two weeks or less. Canadian employers can use it to onboard foreign staff without delay. In order to take advantage of this fast-track work permit, employers must fall under Category A or B.\n\nCategory A is for companies that have gotten approval from a referral partner. These referral partners are oftentimes local, governmental or semi-governmental agencies that are mandated to support local economies.\n\nCategory B is for employers who are looking for certain skilled workers whose occupations can be found on the Global Talent Occupations List. Some of the eligible occupations include computer engineers, software engineers and designers, as well as information systems analysts and consultants.\n\nEmployers in both categories are required to meet conditions relating to the payment of skilled workers. Foreign workers hired through the GTS must be paid at the prevailing wage or higher.\n\nThe prevailing wage is the highest of either:\n\nthe median wage for the occupation on the Government of Canada’s Job Bank;\n\nthe wage within the range an employer pays current employees in the same position at the same location, with the same skills and experience; or\n\nthe minimum wage floor as defined in the Global Talent occupations list (if applicable).\n\nCUSMA\n\nThe Canada-United States-Mexico Agreement has provisions that facilitate talent mobility between the three countries. There are two categories that are relevant to tech workers: Professionals and Intra-Company Transfers (ICT).\n\nCUSMA identifies 63 occupations that qualify under the Professionals category. Computer systems analysts are among these occupations.\n\nICTs are employees that are moving locations within their multinational company to a branch in Canada. There is no list of which occupations qualify or are excluded. Generally, an intra-company transferee is a person who has worked for the company for at least one year and has either a management role or specialized knowledge.\n\nIntra-Company Transfer (non CUSMA)\n\nIt is possible to make an ICT from a country other than Mexico or the United States. For example, the free trade agreement between the European Union and Canada (CETA) has provisions for ICTs, as does the agreement with the UK.\n\nEmployers do not need to do a Labour Market Impact Assessment (LMIA) for employees coming to Canada through an ICT. LMIAs exist to show the federal government that the hiring of a foreign worker will have a positive or neutral effect on the labour market. It can take time and money to complete an LMIA, which is why employers try to avoid them.\n\nSchedule a Free Work Permit Consultation with the Cohen Immigration Law Firm\n\nPathways to permanent residency\n\nWhen foreign workers get permanent residency status they are able to work in Canada without needing to renew any work permit or LMIA. Some pathways to permanent residency require job offers, however, it is also possible for tech talent to get permanent residence on their own.\n\nThere are a number of immigration pathways open to skilled workers, and some are specifically tailored for tech workers.\n\nExpress Entry\n\nExpress Entry is an immigration pathway for skilled workers. It is an online application management system for some of Canada’s main immigration programs. Tech workers, specifically, can come to Canada through two of these programs: the Federal Skilled Worker Program (FSW), and the Canadian Experience Class (CEC). The Federal Skilled Trades Program (FSTP) is intended for tradespeople.\n\nExpress Entry is a points-based system where eligible candidates get a score on the Comprehensive Ranking System (CRS), which awards points to candidates for factors such as education, language, and work experience among others. About every two weeks, Canada issues Invitations to Apply (ITAs) to the highest-scoring candidates. Those who receive ITAs are able to apply for permanent residence.\n\nAccording to the Express Entry Year-End Report 2020, occupations in technology dominated among candidates who were invited to apply for permanent residence.\n\nExpress Entry draws for FSWP and CEC candidates are temporarily paused, due to the backlog in applications created during the pandemic. Immigration Minister Sean Fraser has said that Express Entry draws for these candidates will resume in July.\n\nSo far this year, Canada has only invited these candidates if they have a nomination from a Provincial Nominee Program (PNP). Tech workers who are eligible for Express Entry may also be eligible to get nominated through a PNP.\n\nProvincial immigration for tech workers\n\nCanadian provinces are able to support immigration applications for permanent residency. Quebec operates its own immigration system. Most other provinces and territories (except for Nunavut) have Provincial Nominee Programs that allow them to nominate candidates through the Express Entry system or through their own base programs.\n\nThe following are just a few select provincial programs available to tech workers. There are more than 100 economic-class immigration streams. Technology professionals may be eligible for more programs that are not specific to tech workers.\n\nAlberta Accelerated Tech Pathway\n\nAlberta’s Accelerated Tech Pathway offers an expedited provincial nomination option to eligible Express Entry candidates. The Alberta Advantage Immigration Program (AAIP) launched this stream in January 2022.\n\nIn order to get the expedited processing under this pathway, candidates need to meet the eligibility criteria for the Alberta Express Entry Stream. They need to either be currently working in Alberta or have a job offer in one of 23 eligible occupations. Some examples of these occupations include graphic designers and illustrators, mechanical engineers, and user support technicians.\n\nExpress Entry candidates can apply for this program online to the Alberta Immigrant Nominee Program (AINP).\n\nBritish Columbia Tech\n\nThe British Columbia Provincial Nominee Program (BC PNP) offers a priority pathway called the BC Tech stream available to certain tech workers. This PNP targets candidates who have job offers in one of 29 tech occupations.\n\nTo be invited in a BC Tech draw, candidates must be eligible for one of BC’s immigration programs and have a job offer of at least one year.\n\nEligible candidates get invited to apply for a provincial nomination from the BC PNP through weekly tech draws. BC Tech candidates get several benefits such as priority processing, and a special processing officer.\n\nOntario Tech Draws\n\nOntario conducts Tech Draws for tech workers who are eligible for the Human Capital Priorities (HCP) stream.\n\nTo get invited, candidates need to be eligible for either the Federal Skilled Worker Program or the Canadian Experience Class. They also need to have work experience as one of the following six tech occupations:\n\nsoftware engineers and designers;\n\ncomputer programmers and interactive media developers;\n\ncomputer engineers;\n\nweb designers and developers;\n\ndatabase analysts and data administrators; and\n\ncomputer and information systems managers.\n\nQuebec Immigration Program for Workers in Artificial Intelligence, Information Technology, and Visual Effects Sectors\n\nQuebec launched this immigration pilot in April 2021 in an effort to grow its tech sector. The pilot has two streams:\n\nArtificial intelligence (AI)\n\nWithin this stream are two sub-streams: one for people who graduated from a Quebec college or university, and one for workers trained abroad. The Quebec sub-graduate stream requires applicants to have experience and a job offer. The foreign workers sub-stream does not require a job offer, in some cases. Both demand that applicants have relevant education that is comparable to a Quebec bachelor’s degree at the least.\n\nInformation technology (IT) and visual effects\n\nTech workers applying for this program must have worked for at least two out of the last five years in one of 10 occupations. Candidates also need to have an ongoing job or new job offer in their field and prove they have at least the equivalent of a Quebec technical studies diploma or bachelor’s degree.\n\nBoth streams have two further divisions. One is for francophones, and one for non-francophones. A person who applies under the francophone category must show that they have an advanced intermediate knowledge of French. The non-francophone stream does not have such a requirement.\n\nSaskatchewan Tech Talent Pathway\n\nThe Saskatchewan Immigrant Nominee Program (SINP) recently launched a new tech pathway for future Canadian immigrants.\n\nTo be eligible, applicants to Saskatchewan’s Tech Talent Pathway must have an employer-specific SINP Job Approval Letter for an eligible technology sector occupation. They need at least one year of work experience in that occupation within the past five years, or six months of work experience in the province.\n\nThey also need to have a Canadian Language Benchmark (CLB) 5 if they are working in Saskatchewan. A CLB level 7 is required if they are applying for Express Entry.\n\nCandidates need to have post-secondary education, and if applicable, be eligible for Saskatchewan professional licensing.\n\nDiscover if You Are Eligible for Canadian Immigration\n\n© CIC News All Rights Reserved. Visit CanadaVisa.com to discover your Canadian immigration options.', 'image': 'https://www.cicnews.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/20220422techtalent.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:23'}
{'title': "Meet Freshii's new ‘virtual cashier' - who works from Nicaragua for $3.75 an hour", 'keywords': ['centre', 'workers', 'jobs', 'program', 'hour', 'work', 'labour', '375', 'ontario', 'minimum', 'freshiis', 'meet'], 'polarity': 0.0222, 'subjectivity': 0.3417, 'link': 'https://www.thestar.com/business/2022/04/26/meet-the-freshii-virtual-cashier-who-works-from-nicaragua-for-375-an-hour.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:53', 'summary': 'Unlike the Freshii workers that wrap burritos and mop floors, these “virtual” workers are nowhere near the store.\nFor many Ontario retail workers, the implications of these innovations raise a daunting question: how secure is my job?\nTwo virtual cashiers who spoke with the Star said they are located in Nicaragua, where they work at a call centre that pays them $3.75 (U.S.) an hour.\nIn Ontario, where the minimum wage is $15 (Canadian), Freshii’s virtual cashier program could potentially save the company $10 or more an hour.\nIn a statement, Ontario Minister of Labour, Training and Skills Development Monte McNaughton called the virtual cashier program “outrageous.”“This ... moves entirely in the wrong direction.', 'channel': 'thestar.com', 'text': 'Many Freshii customers have already encountered “Percy.”\n\nThe video-calling device is attached to cash registers at a select few Freshii locations across Ontario, and it lights up when customers approach the counter.\n\nOn the other end of the screen is a cashier wearing a headset, ready to take orders. Unlike the Freshii workers that wrap burritos and mop floors, these “virtual” workers are nowhere near the store. Instead, at least some of them process orders from a Nicaraguan call centre nearly 6,000 km away, where they earn much less than Ontario’s minimum wage.\n\nThe program is only in the early stages of testing, but Freshii’s virtual cashiers are part of a wave of outsourcing and automated technology that is slowly changing Canada’s retail industry.\n\nFor many Ontario retail workers, the implications of these innovations raise a daunting question: how secure is my job?\n\nFreshii, a franchise with 343 restaurants across North America, declined to provide details to the Star about its virtual cashier technology, but in a statement, Freshii’s chief business development officer Paul Hughes said Percy is operated by a third-party company.\n\n“Just like with Uber Eats, Skip the Dishes, self-checkout options and other emerging ordering/cashier technologies, Freshii is always looking to be an early tester and adopter of new tech solutions that might make it easier for our customers to order healthy meals and our franchise partners to run more successful restaurants,” Hughes said.\n\nThe company has not previously spoken publicly about the program, other than to mention several “labour optimization programs in development” that it hopes will “further assist partners in managing costs and protecting profitability,” in a recent corporate filing.\n\nBut employees at the company’s franchise locations told the Star they’ve been aware of the program since November. The Star verified three locations in Ontario that use these virtual cashiers — two in Toronto and one in Waterloo. One of the locations, in Toronto’s Rosedale neighbourhood, has been using a Percy cashier since January.\n\nTwo virtual cashiers who spoke with the Star said they are located in Nicaragua, where they work at a call centre that pays them $3.75 (U.S.) an hour.\n\nIn North America, Freshii typically hires for server positions that pay between $12 to $16 an hour, according to data collected by Glassdoor, an American jobs search website. In Ontario, where the minimum wage is $15 (Canadian), Freshii’s virtual cashier program could potentially save the company $10 or more an hour.\n\nThe practice is entirely legal, multiple employment lawyers told the Star.\n\n“It’s just like any other kind of outsourcing: if you’re sending jobs to people in a different country, you’re only obligated to comply with the labour standards of that country,” said Jonathan Pinkus, an employment lawyer and partner at Samfiru Tumarkin LLP. “Being virtually present in Ontario doesn’t change that.”\n\nOntario’s Employment Standards Act is applied to workers who are either working in Ontario or performing work outside Ontario that is deemed a “continuation” of work performed in Ontario.\n\nFreshii is likely relying on the argument that their cashiers’ work is not a continuation of work performed in Ontario, but rather another task that call centre workers can complete in another jurisdiction, said Michael Wright, a lawyer and founding partner at Wright Henry LLP.\n\nStill, the program drew outrage from labour organizers who see the practice as a way to circumvent Ontario’s minimum wage laws.\n\n“Shipping jobs to an offshore location to pay less than a third of our minimum wage here is just extremely disappointing, and, quite frankly, I’m disgusted a company like Freshii would take this approach,” said Bea Bruske, president of the Canadian Labour Congress.\n\n“We need jobs that pay taxes in Canada and that help boost our economic activity.”\n\nAn increase in outsourcing and automation may prove to be one of the COVID-19 pandemic’s economic legacies. From factories to fast-food chains, businesses turned to technology to keep operations afloat amidst physical distancing measures and tight labour markets.\n\nSome of those changes have sparked curious innovations. Sobeys introduced “smart carts”: shopping carts that scan shoppers’ items, track total bills, accept payment and let them skip the checkout line. Late last year, Dark Horse Espresso opened a chain of “robo-cafes” around Toronto — autonomous, contactless machines that occupy street-facing retail space and spit out lattes.\n\nResearch on Canadian automation contains mixed findings. A report released on Monday by the Centre for Future Work titled “Where Are The Robots?” argued that Canadian businesses have been slow to invest in automation over the past two decades, reducing the impact of robots and automated technology on the labour force.\n\nThe report finds that business investment innovation as a share of GDP has declined dramatically over the past 20 years, from 2.3 per cent in 2001 to 1.8 per cent in 2021.\n\nSector-specific research, meanwhile, has detected a drop in jobs in grocery stores and food retail. A recent report from the Brookfield Institute for Innovation and Entrepreneurship at Ryerson University found a 15 per cent drop in full-time positions at grocery stores between 2006 and 2016 — mostly from customer-facing roles.\n\nMore broadly, a report published by the International Monetary Fund last year predicted that pandemic-era automation would increase global inequality in the coming years.\n\nSome companies have relied on outsourcing, rather than automation, to reduce labour costs. The wage differences between Canada and some countries in the southern nations are stark, making offshoring a difficult prospect to resist.\n\nWhile a call centre worker in Ontario earns a minimum $15 an hour, a worker in India earns on average $0.35 (Canadian) an hour, a worker in the Philippines earns $1.65 an hour and a worker in Bangladesh earns $0.11 an hour.\n\n“Employees were forced to work remotely during the pandemic, whether they liked it or not, and companies have realized it’s easier than ever now to send that work overseas,” said Bruske.\n\nIn a statement, Ontario Minister of Labour, Training and Skills Development Monte McNaughton called the virtual cashier program “outrageous.”\n\n“This ... moves entirely in the wrong direction. I expect better from a Toronto-based company and know customers will vote with their feet,” he said.”\n\nSHARE:', 'image': 'https://images.thestar.com/AM4ksvpy7pzCtLEQ261fo1zQpSo=/1086x1448/smart/filters:cb(1651009981517)/https://www.thestar.com/content/dam/thestar/business/2022/04/26/meet-the-freshii-virtual-cashier-who-works-from-nicaragua-for-375-an-hour/percy_digitized.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:53'}

{'title': 'Wood Mackenzie scales renewable markets data reach as Canadian Solar joins Lens Power Development Partner Program', 'keywords': ['canadian', 'program', 'partner', 'power', 'energy', 'solar', 'mackenzie', 'lens', 'wood', 'worlds', 'storage'], 'polarity': 0.1227, 'subjectivity': 0.3449, 'link': 'https://www.streetinsider.com/Globe+Newswire/Wood+Mackenzie+scales+renewable+markets+data+reach+as+Canadian+Solar+joins+Lens+Power+Development+Partner+Program/19950317.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:25', 'summary': "Dr. Shawn Qu, Chairman and CEO of Canadian Solar states, “Energy storage technology will be a critical enabler of the solar PV market going forward.\nUnderstanding the hybrid solar-storage project economics will give us a growth advantage to develop cost-effective, end-to-end integrated dispatchable solar energy solutions.\nAs Wood Mackenzie continues to integrate real-time and historic nodal congestion and price data, Lens Power will provide unmatched insight into greenfield site selection and asset optimization.\nAbout Canadian Solar Inc.Canadian Solar was founded in 2001 in Canada and is one of the world's largest solar technology and renewable energy companies.\nOver the past 20 years, Canadian Solar has successfully delivered over 67 GW of premium-quality, solar photovoltaic modules to customers across the world.", 'channel': 'streetinsider.com', 'text': "Lens® decision intelligence platform pinpoints investment opportunities in utility-scale solar power and battery storage projects\n\nLONDON/HOUSTON/SINGAPORE, April 25, 2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Wood Mackenzie welcomes Canadian Solar as a development partner for its industry-leading Lens® decision intelligence platform, which delivers live data across the industrial landscapes of every global economy.\n\n\n\nCanadian Solar, (Nasdaq: CSIQ) one of the world’s largest solar technology companies, is the latest among leading companies across financial, manufacturing, renewable developer and utilities industries to collaborate with Wood Mackenzie (a Verisk business [Nasdaq: VRSK]) to connect the dots in the analysis of data across a rapidly changing energy landscape.\n\nInternational pressure to decarbonize is intensifying and, through its continued addition of specialist organizations on all continents, Wood Mackenzie’s Lens platform has become instrumental in helping key players rapidly visualize, value, model and optimize energy assets, portfolios and companies.\n\nIntegration of renewable and conventional power sources in a single interface, drawing from Wood Mackenzie’s trusted commercial intelligence on the world’s natural resources sector, transforms how Lens Power customers drive investment strategy decisions and ignite growth plans.\n\nJoe Levesque, Co-president for Wood Mackenzie states, “Battery storage capacity and hybrid solar-storage are on steep growth trajectories, as organizations look to capture the energy produced from renewable technologies to meet peak demand for electricity.”\n\n“Canadian Solar is an important development partner for us, as it is in a unique and specialized position as a solar PV manufacturer and a large-scale solar and energy storage project developer. The insights its team will provide will further support our delivery of key data in what is an increasingly high activity segment, at a time of significant pressure in others.”\n\nCanadian Solar has one of the world's largest and most geographically diversified utility-scale solar and energy storage project development platforms, with a strong track record of originating, developing, financing and building over 6.3 GWp of solar power plants across six continents.\n\nDr. Shawn Qu, Chairman and CEO of Canadian Solar states, “Energy storage technology will be a critical enabler of the solar PV market going forward. Understanding the hybrid solar-storage project economics will give us a growth advantage to develop cost-effective, end-to-end integrated dispatchable solar energy solutions.\n\n“We look forward to working with Wood Mackenzie as we build our technological capabilities in the solar plus energy storage space, as efforts to scale capacity and secure new growth opportunities intensify.”\n\nLens® Power offers an integrated, thirty-year view of global power markets supply, demand, cost and energy price forecasts alongside high-fidelity geospatial data including solar irradiance and transmission infrastructure. As Wood Mackenzie continues to integrate real-time and historic nodal congestion and price data, Lens Power will provide unmatched insight into greenfield site selection and asset optimization.\n\nAmong Lens® initiatives is Wood Mackenzie’s collaboration with early adopters to design a power solution that provides a holistic understanding of what is happening in the world of energy, allowing organizations to improve profitability and minimize risk.\n\nENDS\n\nAbout Wood Mackenzie Lens®\n\nWood Mackenzie’s Lens® platform is the industry standard in critical decision-support, harnessing the power of digital technology to provide answers to complex questions across the natural resources value chain, enabling customers to manage their capital, operations, and processes swiftly and efficiently. https://www.woodmac.com/wood-mackenzie-lens-power/\n\nAbout Wood Mackenzie\n\nWood Mackenzie, a Verisk Analytics business, is a trusted source of commercial intelligence for the world's natural resources sector. We empower clients to make better strategic decisions, providing objective analysis and advice on assets, companies, and markets. For more information, visit: www.woodmac.com or follow us on Twitter @WoodMackenzie\n\nWOOD MACKENZIE is a trademark of Wood Mackenzie Limited and is the subject of trademark registrations and/or applications in the European Community, the USA and other countries around the world.\n\nAbout Canadian Solar Inc.\n\nCanadian Solar was founded in 2001 in Canada and is one of the world's largest solar technology and renewable energy companies. It is a leading manufacturer of solar photovoltaic modules, provider of solar energy and battery storage solutions, and developer of utility-scale solar power and battery storage projects with a geographically diversified pipeline in various stages of development. Over the past 20 years, Canadian Solar has successfully delivered over 67 GW of premium-quality, solar photovoltaic modules to customers across the world. Likewise, since entering the project development business in 2010, Canadian Solar has developed, built and connected over 6.3 GWp in over 20 countries across the world. Currently, the Company has around 445 MWp of solar projects in operation, nearly 6 GWp of projects under construction or in backlog (late-stage), and an additional 18.6 GWp of projects in pipeline (mid- to early- stage). Canadian Solar is one of the most bankable companies in the solar and renewable energy industry, having been publicly listed on the NASDAQ since 2006. For additional information about the Company, follow Canadian Solar on LinkedIn or visit www.canadiansolar.com\n\nAbout Verisk\n\nVerisk (Nasdaq: VRSK) provides data-driven analytic insights and solutions for the insurance and energy industries. Through advanced data analytics, software, scientific research and deep industry knowledge, Verisk empowers customers to strengthen operating efficiency, improve underwriting and claims outcomes, combat fraud and make informed decisions about global issues, including climate change and extreme events as well as political and ESG topics. With offices in more than 30 countries, Verisk consistently earns certification by Great Place to Work and fosters an inclusive culture where all team members feel they belong. For more, visit Verisk.com and the Verisk Newsroom.\n\nAttachment", 'image': 'http://www.streetinsider.com/images/silogo-new.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:25'}
{'title': 'HostDime Data Center in Northern Brazil Will Be Powered by Its Own Solar Farm', 'keywords': ['company', 'expected', 'power', 'energy', 'solar', 'powered', 'facility', 'supply'], 'polarity': 0.1375, 'subjectivity': 0.3817, 'link': 'https://www.datacenterknowledge.com/sustainability/hostdime-data-center-northern-brazil-will-be-powered-its-own-solar-farm', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:34', 'summary': 'American colocation provider HostDime is equipping its data center in João Pessoa, Brazil, with enough solar panels to supply the entire facility with power.\nRelated: Why Green Colocation Isn\'t a Mainstream Product"A data center is a huge consumer of energy inherently due to the nature of the business.\nThe power of sunshineHostDime opened its first data center in Florida in 2003.\nAnother location where the company is using solar power is its flagship data center and headquarters in Orlando, Florida.\nThe 100,000 square foot data center is scheduled to open in Q1 2023, with space for more than 1,000 racks.', 'channel': 'datacenterknowledge.com', 'text': 'American colocation provider HostDime is equipping its data center in João Pessoa, Brazil, with enough solar panels to supply the entire facility with power.\n\nThe company is investing 5.5 million real (~$1.2m) into a solar power plant that is expected to generate an average of 122,500 kWh per month – an equivalent to the consumption of more than 800 Brazilian households.\n\nRelated: Why Green Colocation Isn\'t a Mainstream Product\n\n"A data center is a huge consumer of energy inherently due to the nature of the business. Being able to use 100% of this consumption from a clean renewable source is something HostDime is really proud of,” said Filipe Mendes, CEO of HostDime Brazil.\n\nThe power of sunshine\n\nHostDime opened its first data center in Florida in 2003. Today, the company owns and operates carrier-neutral data centers in the US, Brazil, Mexico, and Colombia, and rents rack space in many more countries.\n\nRelated: Tesla Megapacks to Store Solar Energy for Switch Data Centers in Nevada\n\nHistorically, HostDime has specilized in regional markets that are often underserved by larger industry players. It opened the four-story, 20,000 square foot facility in João Pessoa in 2017 as “the most certified data center in Latin America” – located in the north of the country, rather than the more economically-developed south.\n\nNow, the company is building a solar farm to supply the campus with renewable power. The first phase of the project wil see the installation of more than 2,000 photovoltaic modules with peak production capacity of 540 Watts each.\n\nHostDime estimated that the first-year savings from this project, expected to be ready by July, could reach $35,000 per month – and the solar farm is expected to produce enough power for a planned 30% expansion of the data center.\n\nAnother location where the company is using solar power is its flagship data center and headquarters in Orlando, Florida. HostDime hopes that high-dendity panels on the rooftop will eventually provide up to a quarter of the power necessary to operate the facility. The 100,000 square foot data center is scheduled to open in Q1 2023, with space for more than 1,000 racks.\n\n“We are constantly evolving our data center designs and best practices to create energy efficiencies and promote ESG, so that we can build and operate facilities that positively impact the next generations," said David Vivar, VP of global engineering at HostDime Global.', 'image': 'https://www.datacenterknowledge.com/sites/datacenterknowledge.com/files/Screen-Shot-2022-04-22-at-3.13.2-1536x858.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:34'}

{'title': 'First all-private astronaut team aboard space station heads for splashdown', 'keywords': ['mission', 'iss', 'allprivate', 'axiom', 'orbit', 'nasa', 'crew', 'aboard', 'team'], 'polarity': 0.0597, 'subjectivity': 0.1969, 'link': 'https://wtvbam.com/2022/04/25/first-all-private-astronaut-team-aboard-space-station-heads-for-splashdown/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:20', 'summary': 'By Steve Gorman(Reuters) – The first all-private astronaut crew to fly aboard the International Space Station (ISS) headed for splashdown Monday off the coast of Florida, wrapping up a two-week mission that NASA has touted as a landmark in commercial spaceflight.\nA SpaceX Crew Dragon capsule carrying the four-man team of Houston-based startup Axiom Space Inc began its return flight about 9 p.m. EDT Sunday (0100 Monday GMT) as it undocked from the space station orbiting about 250 miles (420 km) above Earth.\nThe multinational Axiom team was led by Spanish-born retired NASA astronaut Michael Lopez-Alegria, 63, the company’s vice president for business development.\nLaunched from NASA’s Kennedy Space Center on April 8, they spent 15 days aboard the space station with the seven regular, government-paid ISS crew members: three American astronauts, a German astronaut and three Russian cosmonauts.\nBut the Axiom quartet was the first all-commercial team ever welcomed to the space station as working astronauts, bringing with them 25 science and biomedical experiments to conduct in orbit.', 'channel': 'wtvbam.com', 'text': 'By Steve Gorman\n\n(Reuters) – The first all-private astronaut crew to fly aboard the International Space Station (ISS) headed for splashdown Monday off the coast of Florida, wrapping up a two-week mission that NASA has touted as a landmark in commercial spaceflight.\n\nA SpaceX Crew Dragon capsule carrying the four-man team of Houston-based startup Axiom Space Inc began its return flight about 9 p.m. EDT Sunday (0100 Monday GMT) as it undocked from the space station orbiting about 250 miles (420 km) above Earth.\n\nThe Crew Dragon was expected to parachute into the Atlantic around 1 p.m. EDT on Monday (1700 GMT), capping a 16-hour ride home from orbit that had been postponed for several days because of unfavorable weather.\n\nThe multinational Axiom team was led by Spanish-born retired NASA astronaut Michael Lopez-Alegria, 63, the company’s vice president for business development. His second-in-command was Larry Connor, 72, a technology entrepreneur and aerobatics aviator from Ohio designated the mission pilot.\n\nJoining them as “mission specialists” were investor-philanthropist and former Israeli fighter pilot Eytan Stibbe, 64, and Canadian businessman and philanthropist Mark Pathy, 52.\n\nLaunched from NASA’s Kennedy Space Center on April 8, they spent 15 days aboard the space station with the seven regular, government-paid ISS crew members: three American astronauts, a German astronaut and three Russian cosmonauts.\n\nThe ISS has hosted several wealthy space tourists from time to time over the years.\n\nBut the Axiom quartet was the first all-commercial team ever welcomed to the space station as working astronauts, bringing with them 25 science and biomedical experiments to conduct in orbit. The package included research on brain health, cardiac stem cells, cancer and aging, as well as a technology demonstration to produce optics using the surface tension of fluids in microgravity.\n\nAxiom, NASA and SpaceX have hailed the mission as a milestone in the expansion of privately funded space-based commerce, constituting what industry insiders call the “low-Earth orbit economy,” or “LEO economy” for short.\n\nIt was the sixth human spaceflight for SpaceX in nearly two years, following four NASA astronaut missions to the ISS and the “Inspiration 4” flight in September that sent an all-private crew into Earth orbit for the first time, though not to the space station.\n\nSpaceX, the private rocket company founded by Tesla Inc electric carmaker CEO Elon Musk, has been hired to fly three more Axiom astronaut missions to ISS over the next two years. The price tag for such outings is high.\n\nAxiom charges customers $50 million to $60 million per seat, according to Mo Islam, head of research for the investment firm Republic Capital, which holds stakes in both Axiom and SpaceX.\n\nAxiom also was selected by NASA in 2020 to build a new commercial addition to the space station, which a U.S.-Russian-led consortium of 15 countries has operated for more than two decades. Plans call for the Axiom segment to eventually replace the ISS when the rest of the station is retired around 2030.\n\n(Reporting by Steve Gorman in Los Angeles. Editing by Gerry Doyle)', 'image': 'https://storage.googleapis.com/media.mwcradio.com/mimesis/2022-04/25/2022-04-25T100909Z_2_LYNXNPEI3O0C3_RTROPTP_3_SPACE-EXPLORATION-NASA-AXIOM.JPG', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:20'}
{'title': 'First all-private crew to International Space Station splashes down safely', 'keywords': ['safely', 'international', 'capsule', 'pathy', 'mission', 'iss', 'allprivate', 'axiom', 'crew', 'splashes', 'orbit', 'station', 'team'], 'polarity': 0.066, 'subjectivity': 0.2763, 'link': 'https://www.cbc.ca/news/science/axiom1-return-spacex-1.6430266?cmp=rss', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:59', 'summary': 'Axiom is under contract with NASA to build the first commercial addition to and ultimate replacement for the space station.\nPathy was part of a four-person crew to the International Space Station as part of the first private crew to the station, done with the Texas-based company Axiom Space.\n(Mark Pathy)The U.S. space agency furnished the launch site at its Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida, and assumed responsibility for the Axiom crew while they were aboard the space station.\nCanadian joins historic private mission to the International Space Station Duration 2:03 Entrepreneur and philanthropist Mark Pathy is part of a four-person crew who made history Friday on board the first civilian mission to the International Space Station.\nLaunched on April 8, they spent 15 days aboard the space station with the seven regular, government-paid ISS crew members: three American astronauts, a German astronaut and three Russian cosmonauts.', 'channel': 'cbc.ca', 'text': 'The first all-private astronaut team ever flown aboard the International Space Station — which included Canadian Mark Pathy — safely splashed down in the Atlantic off Florida\'s coast on Monday, completing a two-week science mission hailed as a milestone in commercial spaceflight.\n\nThe SpaceX crew capsule carrying the four-man team, led by a retired NASA astronaut who is now vice president of the Texas company behind the mission, Axiom Space, parachuted into the sea after a 16-hour descent from orbit.\n\nThe splashdown, carried live by a joint Axiom-SpaceX webcast, was originally planned for last Wednesday, but the return flight was delayed due to unfavourable weather.\n\n"Welcome back to planet Earth," radioed SpaceX Mission Control from Southern California. "We hope you enjoyed the extra few days in space."\n\nThe return from orbit followed a plunge through Earth\'s atmosphere generating frictional heat that sends temperatures surrounding the outside of the capsule soaring to 1,927 C. The astronauts\' flight suits are designed to keep them cool as the cabin heats up.\n\nWelcome home <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/Ax1?src=hash&ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#Ax1</a> <a href="https://t.co/y3cYvFvfYV">pic.twitter.com/y3cYvFvfYV</a> —@Axiom_Space\n\nApplause was heard from the SpaceX flight control centre in suburban Los Angeles as parachutes billowed open above the capsule in the final stage of its descent — slowing its fall to about 24 km/h — and again as the craft hit the water off the coast of Jacksonville.\n\nA small recovery boat with a three-member team reached the Crew Dragon minutes later to secure the visibly heat scorched craft as it bobbed upright in the ocean. The capsule was hoisted from the sea onto the deck of a larger recovery vessel about 40 minutes later, and the hatch was opened to let the astronauts emerge.\n\nA camera shot from inside the capsule showed the four crew members strapped into their seats, garbed in their helmeted white-and-black spacesuits.\n\nSpaceX, the private launch service founded by Tesla electric carmaker CEO Elon Musk, supplied the Falcon 9 rocket and Crew Dragon capsule that carried Axiom\'s team to and from orbit, controlled the flight and handled the splashdown recovery.\n\nLow-Earth orbit economy\n\nAxiom, SpaceX and NASA have touted the occasion as a turning point in the expansion of privately funded space-based commerce, constituting what industry insiders call the "low-Earth orbit economy," or "LEO economy" for short.\n\nThe mission\'s crew was assembled, equipped and trained entirely at private expense by Axiom, a five-year-old venture based in Houston and headed by NASA\'s former ISS program manager. Axiom is under contract with NASA to build the first commercial addition to and ultimate replacement for the space station.\n\nMark Pathy, a Canadian entrepreneur from Montreal, waves to students during an on-orbit interview. Pathy was part of a four-person crew to the International Space Station as part of the first private crew to the station, done with the Texas-based company Axiom Space. (Mark Pathy)\n\nThe U.S. space agency furnished the launch site at its Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida, and assumed responsibility for the Axiom crew while they were aboard the space station. NASA\'s ISS crew members also pitched in to assist the private astronauts when needed.\n\nThe multinational Axiom team was led by Spanish-born retired NASA astronaut Michael Lopez-Alegria, 63, the company\'s vice president for business development. His second-in-command was Larry Connor, 72, a technology entrepreneur and aerobatics aviator from Ohio designated the mission pilot.\n\nCanadian joins historic private mission to the International Space Station Duration 2:03 Entrepreneur and philanthropist Mark Pathy is part of a four-person crew who made history Friday on board the first civilian mission to the International Space Station. The mission isn’t solely about space tourism — crew members plan to conduct several science experiments during their visit. 2:03\n\nJoining them as mission specialists were investor-philanthropist and former Israeli fighter pilot Eytan Stibbe, 64, and Canadian businessman and philanthropist Mark Pathy, 52.\n\n"This is really a dream come true," Pathy told CBC News on April 14, while in orbit. "Once we do have a chance to look out the window, it just is magical. It\'s just indescribable. The feeling you have looking out at Earth … and seeing the thin atmosphere around it and the complete darkness everywhere else, it\'s really mesmerizing."\n\nHere\'s part of my interview with Mark Pathy today for CBC News. <a href="https://twitter.com/Axiom_Space?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@Axiom_Space</a> <a href="https://t.co/NErtYe5YtJ">pic.twitter.com/NErtYe5YtJ</a> —@NebulousNikki\n\nConnor, Stibbe and Pathy flew as customers of Axiom, which charges $50 million to $60 million USD per seat for such flights, according to Mo Islam, head of research for the investment firm Republic Capital, which holds stakes in both Axiom and SpaceX.\n\nLaunched on April 8, they spent 15 days aboard the space station with the seven regular, government-paid ISS crew members: three American astronauts, a German astronaut and three Russian cosmonauts.\n\nThe ISS has hosted several wealthy space tourists from time to time over the years.\n\nBut the Axiom quartet was the first all-commercial team ever welcomed to the space station as working astronauts, bringing with them 25 science and biomedical experiments to conduct in orbit. The package included research on brain health, cardiac stem cells, cancer and aging, as well as a technology demonstration to produce optics using the surface tension of fluids in microgravity.\n\nIt was the sixth human spaceflight for SpaceX in nearly two years, following four NASA astronaut missions to the ISS and the "Inspiration 4" flight in September that sent an all-private crew into Earth orbit for the first time, though not to the space station.\n\nSpaceX has been hired to fly three more Axiom astronaut missions to ISS over the next two years.', 'image': 'https://i.cbc.ca/1.6430293.1650912943!/fileImage/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/16x9_620/axiom-1-splashdown-mark-pathy.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:59'}

{'title': 'Are you a robot?', 'keywords': ['javascript', 'loading', 'sure', 'terms', 'review', 'happenplease', 'robot', 'information', 'supports', 'policy', 'service'], 'polarity': 0.3333, 'subjectivity': 0.463, 'link': 'https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2022-04-26/imf-says-argentina-s-44-billion-plan-unchanged-despite-shocks', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:57', 'summary': 'Why did this happen?\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading.\nFor more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'channel': 'bloomberg.com', 'text': 'Why did this happen?\n\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading. For more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'image': '/static/img/wln_alt.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:57'}

{'title': 'Are you a robot?', 'keywords': ['javascript', 'loading', 'sure', 'terms', 'review', 'happenplease', 'robot', 'information', 'supports', 'policy', 'service'], 'polarity': 0.3333, 'subjectivity': 0.463, 'link': 'https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2022-04-25/cross-asset-volatility-spikes-all-over-the-world-on-growth-fears', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:59', 'summary': 'Why did this happen?\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading.\nFor more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'channel': 'bloomberg.com', 'text': 'Why did this happen?\n\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading. For more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'image': '/static/img/wln_alt.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:59'}

{'title': 'U.S. looks for closer ties to Brazil at a time of turmoil and war', 'keywords': ['confidence', 'states', 'secretary', 'voting', 'united', 'nations', 'brazils', 'war', 'brazilian', 'turmoil', 'officials'], 'polarity': 0.091, 'subjectivity': 0.1955, 'link': 'https://news.yahoo.com/u-looks-closer-ties-brazil-000134864.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:47', 'summary': 'While Brazil\'s far-right President Jair Bolsonaro has not condemned the Russian invasion of Ukraine, U.S.\nUnder Secretary of State for Political Affairs Victoria Nuland thanked Brazilian diplomats for voting with the United States at the United Nations Security Council.\n"In a time when the world is in turmoil, the United States and Brazil need each other," she told reporters, saying that Russia was "undermining the principles that the U.S. and Brazil stand for."\nAsked about Bolsonaro\'s criticism of the Brazilian voting system ahead of his campaign for re-election in October, Nuland said the United States had confidence in Brazil\'s strong democratic institutions.\nThe U.S. officials expressed concern over the deforestation in the Amazon, Brazil\'s Secretary for the Americas Pedro da Costa e Silva said.', 'channel': 'news.yahoo.com', 'text': 'BRASILIA (Reuters) - U.S. State Department officials held their first high-level talks with the Brazilian government since 2019 on Monday, reinforcing ties between the Western Hemisphere\'s two largest democracies despite their differences over the Ukraine war.\n\nWhile Brazil\'s far-right President Jair Bolsonaro has not condemned the Russian invasion of Ukraine, U.S. Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs Victoria Nuland thanked Brazilian diplomats for voting with the United States at the United Nations Security Council.\n\n"In a time when the world is in turmoil, the United States and Brazil need each other," she told reporters, saying that Russia was "undermining the principles that the U.S. and Brazil stand for."\n\nAsked about Bolsonaro\'s criticism of the Brazilian voting system ahead of his campaign for re-election in October, Nuland said the United States had confidence in Brazil\'s strong democratic institutions.\n\n"We have confidence in your systems and you need to have confidence in your systems, including at the level of leadership," she said.\n\nUnder Secretary for Economic Growth, Energy, and the Environment Jose Fernandez said the United States backed Brazil\'s joining the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), a club of wealthy nations. But he said the accession process "will take several years."\n\nThe U.S. officials expressed concern over the deforestation in the Amazon, Brazil\'s Secretary for the Americas Pedro da Costa e Silva said. "They want to see concrete results," he told reporters.\n\nDeforestation in the world\'s largest rainforest has risen under Bolsonaro and hit record levels for the months of January and February.\n\nCosta e Silva said the U.S. officials heard what Brazil is doing to curb deforestation along with a message that developed nations have to deliver more in terms of financing sustainable development.\n\n(Reporting by Anthony Boadle; Editing by Sandra Maler)', 'image': 'https://s.yimg.com/uu/api/res/1.2/p60vPGoEasuBFIA1g_Z2Dw--~B/aD01ODE7dz04MDA7YXBwaWQ9eXRhY2h5b24-/https://media.zenfs.com/en/reuters.com/ca7991b0ac17d7262e77cc3a935c1216', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:47'}

{'title': 'Are you a robot?', 'keywords': ['javascript', 'loading', 'sure', 'terms', 'review', 'happenplease', 'robot', 'information', 'supports', 'policy', 'service'], 'polarity': 0.3333, 'subjectivity': 0.463, 'link': 'https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2022-04-26/bitcoin-struggles-to-take-root-in-el-salvador-survey-finds', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:57', 'summary': 'Why did this happen?\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading.\nFor more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'channel': 'bloomberg.com', 'text': 'Why did this happen?\n\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading. For more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'image': '/static/img/wln_alt.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:57'}

{'title': 'Mexico detains almost 6,000 foreign migrants in four days', 'keywords': ['inm', 'city', 'cross', 'detained', '6000', 'usmexico', 'days', 'migrants', 'foreign', 'migration', 'weekend', 'writing'], 'polarity': 0.0305, 'subjectivity': 0.3964, 'link': 'https://news.yahoo.com/mexico-detains-almost-6-000-003223592.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:29', 'summary': "MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico detained almost 6,000 foreign migrants in a four-day span, the country's National Migration Institute (INM) said on Monday.\nThe majority of the 5,688 migrants detained from April 21 to 24 were found in safe houses, trailers, or hidden in bus compartments or truck cabins, the INM said in a statement.\nBy far the largest group by nationality detained over the weekend were Hondurans, with 1,060 detained, followed by 942 Cubans and 906 Guatemalans.\nMexican immigration authorities have detained 115,379 migrants from the beginning of the year to April 13, the latest date available, pointing at a sharp rise in irregular migration.\n(Reporting by Lizbeth Diaz in Mexico City; Writing by Kylie Madry; Editing by Sandra Maler)", 'channel': 'news.yahoo.com', 'text': "MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Mexico detained almost 6,000 foreign migrants in a four-day span, the country's National Migration Institute (INM) said on Monday.\n\nThe majority of the 5,688 migrants detained from April 21 to 24 were found in safe houses, trailers, or hidden in bus compartments or truck cabins, the INM said in a statement.\n\nBy far the largest group by nationality detained over the weekend were Hondurans, with 1,060 detained, followed by 942 Cubans and 906 Guatemalans.\n\nIn total, migrants from 42 countries were put into custody, according to the statement.\n\nOther groups were found walking through the desert or along highways as they tried to make their way to the U.S.-Mexico border.\n\nMexican immigration authorities have detained 115,379 migrants from the beginning of the year to April 13, the latest date available, pointing at a sharp rise in irregular migration.\n\nRecord numbers of migrants attempted to cross the U.S.-Mexico land border in U.S. President Joe Biden's first year in office, while the Democrat tries to tackle migration's root causes, recently sending envoys to Mexico and Panama.\n\nThe International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) told Reuters last month that high levels of violence throughout Mexico and Central America would continue to spur migration throughout 2022.\n\n(Reporting by Lizbeth Diaz in Mexico City; Writing by Kylie Madry; Editing by Sandra Maler)", 'image': 'https://s.yimg.com/uu/api/res/1.2/8kzD2rwQYJSrOjKfYeY9UA--~B/aD01MzM7dz04MDA7YXBwaWQ9eXRhY2h5b24-/https://media.zenfs.com/en/reuters.com/754648c23a20fb902f6e1fbba40c171c', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:29'}

{'title': 'Are you a robot?', 'keywords': ['javascript', 'loading', 'sure', 'terms', 'review', 'happenplease', 'robot', 'information', 'supports', 'policy', 'service'], 'polarity': 0.3333, 'subjectivity': 0.463, 'link': 'https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2022-04-26/mexico-s-alfa-may-use-pork-instead-of-turkey-to-stop-price-surge', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:24', 'summary': 'Why did this happen?\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading.\nFor more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'channel': 'bloomberg.com', 'text': 'Why did this happen?\n\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading. For more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'image': '/static/img/wln_alt.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:24'}

{'title': 'Are you a robot?', 'keywords': ['javascript', 'loading', 'sure', 'terms', 'review', 'happenplease', 'robot', 'information', 'supports', 'policy', 'service'], 'polarity': 0.3333, 'subjectivity': 0.463, 'link': 'https://www.bloomberg.com/news/newsletters/2022-04-25/supply-chain-latest-canada-s-warehouses-are-full-straining-logistics', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:48', 'summary': 'Why did this happen?\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading.\nFor more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'channel': 'bloomberg.com', 'text': 'Why did this happen?\n\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading. For more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'image': '/static/img/wln_alt.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:48'}

{'title': 'Are you a robot?', 'keywords': ['javascript', 'loading', 'sure', 'terms', 'review', 'happenplease', 'robot', 'information', 'supports', 'policy', 'service'], 'polarity': 0.3333, 'subjectivity': 0.463, 'link': 'https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2022-04-25/pricey-fuel-hurts-cargill-s-export-margins-in-soy-giant-brazil', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:47', 'summary': 'Why did this happen?\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading.\nFor more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'channel': 'bloomberg.com', 'text': 'Why did this happen?\n\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading. For more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'image': '/static/img/wln_alt.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:47'}

{'title': 'Are you a robot?', 'keywords': ['javascript', 'loading', 'sure', 'terms', 'review', 'happenplease', 'robot', 'information', 'supports', 'policy', 'service'], 'polarity': 0.3333, 'subjectivity': 0.463, 'link': 'https://www.bloomberg.com/news/newsletters/2022-04-25/a-rearming-world-learns-from-russia-s-war', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:20', 'summary': 'Why did this happen?\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading.\nFor more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'channel': 'bloomberg.com', 'text': 'Why did this happen?\n\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading. For more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'image': '/static/img/wln_alt.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:20'}

{'title': 'Are you a robot?', 'keywords': ['javascript', 'loading', 'sure', 'terms', 'review', 'happenplease', 'robot', 'information', 'supports', 'policy', 'service'], 'polarity': 0.3333, 'subjectivity': 0.463, 'link': 'https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2022-04-26/canada-s-oil-sands-need-c-65-billion-to-hit-2030-climate-goals', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:17', 'summary': 'Why did this happen?\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading.\nFor more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'channel': 'bloomberg.com', 'text': 'Why did this happen?\n\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading. For more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'image': '/static/img/wln_alt.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:17'}

{'title': 'The Press Republican', 'keywords': ['memory', 'garrow', 'plattsburgh', 'road', 'share', 'bouvier', 'premore', 'peru', 'frances'], 'polarity': 0.1548, 'subjectivity': 0.2387, 'link': 'https://obituaries.pressrepublican.com/obituary/william-garrow-1085029507', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:49', 'summary': 'William Arthur Garrow, 87, of the John Boswell Road, Peru, died Thursday, April 21, 2022, at his home under the loving care of his family.\nHe and Frances traveled around the United States until they bought a home in Florida where they spent the winters.\nIn addition to his parents, he was predeceased by his wife, Frances Mae Garrow; and sisters, Joyce Trombley and Carol Palmer.\nArrangements are in the care of the Hamilton Funeral Home, 294 Mannix Road, Peru, 643-9055.\nTo make a floral purchase, offer an online condolence, share a symbolic gesture, or share a photo in memory of Bill Garrow please visit www.hamiltonfuneralhome.com', 'channel': 'obituaries.pressrepublican.com', 'text': "William Arthur Garrow, 87, of the John Boswell Road, Peru, died Thursday, April 21, 2022, at his home under the loving care of his family.\n\nHe was born in Dannemora, Dec. 18, 1934, the son of Arthur and Aurella (Giroux) Garrow. William grew up and attended school in Dannemora.\n\nHe married Frances Ormsby on April 25, 1953, in St. Alexander's Church in Morrisonville. They were married for 68 years.\n\nWilliam retired from Syracuse Supply. He and Frances traveled around the United States until they bought a home in Florida where they spent the winters.\n\nWilliam enjoyed restoring old cars and going to races. He loved going hunting and fishing while at camp.\n\nLeft to cherish the memory of William are his two daughters, Cindy Premore and husband, Francis Premore, and Linda Bouvier, all of Plattsburgh; four grandchildren, Bill Premore of Dannemora, Hope (Shane) Spooner of Plattsburgh, Danielle Bouvier of Cliff Haven, and Christopher (Sarah) Bouvier of Cadyville; several great-grandchildren, great-great-grandchildren, and many nieces and nephews.\n\nIn addition to his parents, he was predeceased by his wife, Frances Mae Garrow; and sisters, Joyce Trombley and Carol Palmer.\n\nHonoring Williams wishes, all services will be private and at the convenience of the family.\n\nArrangements are in the care of the Hamilton Funeral Home, 294 Mannix Road, Peru, 643-9055. To make a floral purchase, offer an online condolence, share a symbolic gesture, or share a photo in memory of Bill Garrow please visit www.hamiltonfuneralhome.com", 'image': 'https://cdn-otf-cas.prfct.cc/dfs1/eyJkIjo3MiwieCI6IjAiLCJ5IjoiMCIsImN3IjoiNjAyLjU0NjkxNjg5MDA4MDMiLCJjaCI6Ijc3NC45OTk5OTk5OTk5OTk5Iiwicm8iOiIwIiwiY3IiOjEsInciOjI0MCwiaCI6MzAwLCJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczpcL1wvYWRhcy1vcmVnb24tY2FzLW9iaXRzLnMzLmFtYXpvbmF3cy5jb21cL3Bob3Rvc1wvY3JlYXRlX3N0b3J5XC82MjY2ZDZhMDJhZjRlXC85OTI4NmYzNTkxZWRjOTE1NGZlYWNlMzAwZGNkLmpwZyJ9', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:49'}

{'title': "The Church's mission in every generation is to be saved from sin and corruption: Bp. Strickland", 'keywords': ['weeks', 'bp', 'bishop', 'urges', 'showshare', 'repent', 'reads', 'strickland', 'saved', 'sins'], 'polarity': -0.125, 'subjectivity': 0.3333, 'link': 'https://www.lifesitenews.com/episodes/the-churchs-mission-in-every-generation-is-to-be-saved-from-sin-and-corruption-bp-strickland/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:34', 'summary': 'On this week\'s episode of The Bishop Strickland Show, Bishop Joseph Strickland reads aloud and comments on a brief passage from the Acts of the Apostles, in which St. Peter urges us to repent of our sins and be saved from "this corrupt generation."\nThe Bishop Strickland ShowShare', 'channel': 'lifesitenews.com', 'text': 'On this week\'s episode of The Bishop Strickland Show, Bishop Joseph Strickland reads aloud and comments on a brief passage from the Acts of the Apostles, in which St. Peter urges us to repent of our sins and be saved from "this corrupt generation."\n\nThe Bishop Strickland Show\n\nShare\n\n', 'image': 'https://www.lifesitenews.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/03/lifesite-social-media-logo-and-tagline.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:34'}

{'title': 'Are you a robot?', 'keywords': ['javascript', 'loading', 'sure', 'terms', 'review', 'happenplease', 'robot', 'information', 'supports', 'policy', 'service'], 'polarity': 0.3333, 'subjectivity': 0.463, 'link': 'https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2022-04-25/brazil-economy-chief-tests-positive-for-covid-after-u-s-trip', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:31', 'summary': 'Why did this happen?\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading.\nFor more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'channel': 'bloomberg.com', 'text': 'Why did this happen?\n\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading. For more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'image': '/static/img/wln_alt.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:31'}

{'title': 'Are you a robot?', 'keywords': ['javascript', 'loading', 'sure', 'terms', 'review', 'happenplease', 'robot', 'information', 'supports', 'policy', 'service'], 'polarity': 0.3333, 'subjectivity': 0.463, 'link': 'https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2022-04-25/mexico-discussing-price-pact-with-top-firms-to-tame-inflation', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:50', 'summary': 'Why did this happen?\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading.\nFor more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'channel': 'bloomberg.com', 'text': 'Why did this happen?\n\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading. For more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'image': '/static/img/wln_alt.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:50'}

{'title': "Redistricting and Democrats' stalled agenda put this blue Arizona House seat in play", 'keywords': ['play', 'record', 'im', 'agenda', 'immigration', 'wheeless', 'stanton', 'going', 'voters', 'redistricting'], 'polarity': 0.0778, 'subjectivity': 0.2849, 'link': 'https://www.kvpr.org/npr-news/2022-04-25/redistricting-and-democrats-stalled-agenda-put-this-blue-arizona-house-seat-in-play', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:07', 'summary': 'The path to keeping the Democrats\' majority in the House of Representatives in November\'s midterms runs right through the Valley of the Sun in Arizona.\n"I\'m going to talk a lot about my record because I am a mayor at heart," he said.\nThat\'s always how I\'m going to operate."\n"I\'ve successfully won all of [my] elections by doing exactly what I\'m going to do in this election: let people know who I am and what I have done," he said.\nI expect real close to a complete sweep, because he\'s showing how poorly Democrats can run the country," she said.', 'channel': 'kvpr.org', 'text': 'The path to keeping the Democrats\' majority in the House of Representatives in November\'s midterms runs right through the Valley of the Sun in Arizona. Democratic Rep. Greg Stanton, a former mayor of Phoenix, won his district handily in 2020, but a redrawn map landed him on the GOP list of targeted lawmakers in 2022.\n\nThe Republican field to take him on is diverse and determined to make the race about President Biden and the Democratic majority\'s record in Washington, while Stanton zeroes in on local issues.\n\nThe 4th Congressional District\'s political breakdown could mirror that of the state\'s overall — roughly a third Democrats, a third Republicans and a third independents.\n\nBorder and immigration issues are prominent\n\nTanya Wheeless is one of the six GOP candidates vying for the nomination to challenge Stanton in November. The Republican primary is more than three months away but Wheeless stands out in the field, having secured the endorsements of top House GOP leaders like Elise Stefanik and the backing of the Congressional Leadership Fund, House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy\'s super PAC, to help her compete.\n\nAfter touring 21st Century Healthcare, a vitamin and supplement manufacturing company based in Tempe, Wheeless sat down with the company\'s leadership.\n\n"What are the issues that you want me to go to Washington and fight for?" she asked.\n\nSteve Snyder, the CEO, didn\'t hesitate.\n\n"My first and foremost, it\'s immigration. Why are we playing games with these folks? If people want to come here and they want to work, we need workers," he said, before adding with a sigh: "And get the politics out of it."\n\nSnyder said his company has not only had difficulty filling open positions, but also keeping workers that are in Arizona on green cards and are forced to leave because of government logjams with paperwork.\n\nBrent Barcena / 21st Century Healthcare / 21st Century Healthcare Tanya Wheeless, who is vying for the Republican nomination for Arizona\'s 4th congressional district, spoke to leadership at 21st Century Healthcare about issues with hiring shortages and immigration.\n\nWheeless told NPR she would support a targeted, not comprehensive, immigration bill in Congress.\n\n"[Republicans are] really passionate about getting more boots on the ground for Border Patrol, [Democrats] really want something done on Dreamers, let\'s talk and see what we can do," she said.\n\nBut when it comes to immigration, the debate right now is less about bringing in workers and more about border security.\n\nStanton deliberately put distance between himself and the Biden administration when it comes to the border, especially its plan to lift Title 42 next month — a policy put in place under former President Donald Trump that barred migrants from entering the country during the pandemic.\n\n"I\'ve been critical of this administration for not doing more on getting a modernized immigration system that advances our economy, including immigration reform," Stanton told NPR in his Phoenix office. "And I\'ve been critical on the lack of preparedness for what\'s going to happen at the border if Title 42 goes away."\n\nHe sidestepped a question about whether the president or other high ranking administration officials need to visit the border, repeating his critique: "I need to see that this administration has a strong plan to prepare for what may happen, and I haven\'t seen it yet."\n\nA new Arizona map is less favorable to Democrats\n\nStanton won his reelection bid two years ago in what had been the 9th Congressional District by more than 20 points. The new map, which carves out Scottsdale and parts of Phoenix and adds redder areas of Mesa to the new 4th District, is less favorable to Democrats.\n\nBut Stanton insists his strategy for the 2022 campaign won\'t change from his earlier bids for local office and for Congress.\n\n"I\'m going to talk a lot about my record because I am a mayor at heart," he said. "I have a track record of success and a track record of successfully reaching across the aisle to get things done for the people that I represent. That\'s always been how I\'ve operated. That\'s always how I\'m going to operate."\n\nThat record includes bipartisan efforts in Congress, including the $1 trillion infrastructure bill that passed the Senate last August. Stanton touts his seat on the panel that crafted the bill.\n\nThe Arizona Democrat spent much of the two week spring recess pointing to his track record at steering federal money – earmarks in this year\'s spending bill – to his district. After the GOP banned them for years, arguing the practice was corrupt and added to overspending, Democrats brought them back. Members of both parties, especially those in competitive seats, are highlighting the federal infusion into local projects.\n\nToday I announced $300,000 in community project funding to @MayorGiles and @CITYOFMESA.\n\n\n\nThis funding will help downtown small businesses pay for storefront improvements and give a fresh face to Mesa’s thriving economy. pic.twitter.com/yVXrgLV3mG — Rep. Greg Stanton (@RepGregStanton) April 19, 2022\n\n"I work very closely with the cities that I\'m lucky enough to represent in Congress, to go after their priorities, and the best way to do that is through the community project funding process," Stanton said. "There were some really good ones: water projects for the city of Chandler, helping small business in the city of Mesa."\n\nBut some of Stanton\'s constituents say, while those projects are fine, Democrats in Washington overpromised on what they could get done.\n\n"It reminds me of a high school, like when there was someone running for class president," said Christina Sykes, an independent voter from Mesa. "They\'re like, \'We\'re going to give you pizza every day for lunch and Kool Aid in the water fountains.\' So I\'m like, well, you know, show up! You guys not showing up."\n\nDemocratic voters are also feeling disappointment\n\n"They don\'t have anything to show. You have the House, the Senate, the White House, what did you accomplish?" asked Democrat Kelly Knepper. "I\'m still waiting for student loan debt to be canceled."\n\nHer partner Brian Knepper said Democrats made inroads in certain areas like pandemic aid and the confirmation of the first Black female Supreme Court justice, but aren\'t advertising their successes effectively.\n\n"I think the things they didn\'t do are outshining the things they did do," he said. "In 10 years, we\'re going to recognize the benefits of a lot of this legislation and the impact it\'s had on this country, but no one is talking that up now and so no credit is being given for the accomplishments."\n\nKnepper didn\'t mince words when it came to expectations for November:\n\n"It feels like almost a foregone conclusion that they are going to lose the House and the Senate as soon as it is possible."\n\nWhen asked about demoralized Democrats and concerns over potential low turnout in the midterm election, Stanton repeatedly said his strategy is keeping the conversation local and reminding constituents about his ties here.\n\n"I\'ve successfully won all of [my] elections by doing exactly what I\'m going to do in this election: let people know who I am and what I have done," he said. "The voters know who has gone to work for them in advancing their interests and they also trust me."\n\nCOVID shutdowns loom large\n\nMike Tomlinson, from Chandler, is a conservative voter. He points to inflation and border security as issues people in the area are feeling now, but says he\'s focused on education, and that the memory of kids being kept out of classrooms during the pandemic still stings.\n\n"Kids lost out on, gosh, 18 months, two years of schooling," he said. "I had a son that graduated in 2020, and, you know, there wasn\'t really a graduation."\n\nDiane Ortiz-Parsons, a Republican from Mesa, is engaged in local campaigns and a retired teacher. She said the impact of the pandemic is still a major issue.\n\n"I\'m concerned about the amount of depression that I see. I hear of people\'s kids that are needing to go to therapy," she said. "Our churches are overwhelmed with people that need extra help right now."\n\nRepublican challengers like Wheeless say the way the pandemic was handled is part of the reason people will vote to switch party control of Congress.\n\n"What I\'m hearing from people is they\'re very unhappy with some key kitchen table issues," Wheeless said. "\'My kids were locked out of school, the price of gas has gone up, it costs me more when I go to the grocery store. That ain\'t good and I want change.\'"\n\nStanton said he plans to spend time back home talking about how Congress provided COVID-relief, like loans to businesses who were able to keep their doors open.\n\n"We\'re going to talk about the work that we did during the worst pandemic in a hundred years to support families so that they could pay their bills and pay the rent."\n\nTurning out the vote\n\nHispanic voters in the district are expected to be targeted by both parties.\n\nWheeless, whose grandparents immigrated to the U.S. from Mexico, says she\'s a candidate who can help Republicans extend the inroads they made with Hispanic voters in the last election.\n\n"We\'ve got a message that particularly resonates with the Hispanic community, which is about faith, freedom, entrepreneurship," she said.\n\nStanton maintained he\'s been able to attract support from voters across the political spectrum.\n\nOrtiz-Parsons, who said Democrats have "taken Hispanic voters for granted," added that she thinks Biden\'s low approval ratings will help swing independent voters to her party.\n\n"Our greatest friend right now is President Biden. I expect real close to a complete sweep, because he\'s showing how poorly Democrats can run the country," she said. "All those independents, I\'m expecting them to come our way."\n\nCopyright 2022 NPR. To see more, visit https://www.npr.org.', 'image': 'https://npr.brightspotcdn.com/dims4/default/a6307dc/2147483647/strip/true/crop/5299x2782+0+99/resize/1200x630!/quality/90/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fmedia.npr.org%2Fassets%2Fimg%2F2022%2F04%2F24%2Fgettyimages-1317669095_wide-c5c85864b32a7360199b46a8c5067284ebc641f3.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:07'}

{'title': 'Are you a robot?', 'keywords': ['javascript', 'loading', 'sure', 'terms', 'review', 'happenplease', 'robot', 'information', 'supports', 'policy', 'service'], 'polarity': 0.3333, 'subjectivity': 0.463, 'link': 'https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2022-04-26/crypto-s-shape-shifting-pushes-gender-boundaries-with-daos?utm_source=google&utm_medium=bd&cmpId=google', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:25', 'summary': 'Why did this happen?\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading.\nFor more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'channel': 'bloomberg.com', 'text': 'Why did this happen?\n\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading. For more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'image': '/static/img/wln_alt.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:25'}

{'title': 'Canada to alter sanctions law to allow paying compensation from sanctioned assets', 'keywords': ['alter', 'victims', 'law', 'foreign', 'joly', 'war', 'ukraine', 'seized', 'compensation'], 'polarity': -0.0149, 'subjectivity': 0.2285, 'link': 'https://wtvbam.com/2022/04/26/canada-to-alter-sanctions-law-to-allow-paying-compensation-from-sanctioned-assets/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:19', 'summary': 'By Kanishka Singh(Reuters) – The Canadian government will change its sanctions law to allow for seized and sanctioned foreign assets to be redistributed as compensation to victims or to help in rebuilding a foreign state from war, Foreign Minister Melanie Joly said.\n“These changes would make Canada’s sanctions regime the first in the G7 to allow these actions.”The sanctions were already crippling Russia’s economy and depleting President Vladimir Putin’s resources to continue the war, the minister said.\n“We will continue to apply maximum pressure on the Putin regime and impose severe costs for this war of choice,” Joly added.\nThe legislation will also lay out a requirement for banks to provide lists of foreign assets frozen by Canadian government sanctions so that Ottawa has an inventory of what has been seized, the Globe and Mail reported.\nCanada has sanctioned over 1,100 individuals and entities that Ottawa says have been complicit in the conflict in Ukraine.', 'channel': 'wtvbam.com', 'text': 'By Kanishka Singh\n\n(Reuters) – The Canadian government will change its sanctions law to allow for seized and sanctioned foreign assets to be redistributed as compensation to victims or to help in rebuilding a foreign state from war, Foreign Minister Melanie Joly said.\n\nCanada is among a number of countries to have imposed sanctions on Russia after it invaded Ukraine on Feb. 24 in what it calls a “special operation.”\n\n“Today, we are seeking the capacity to not only seize but to allow for the forfeiture of the assets of sanctioned individuals and entities and to allow us to compensate victims with the proceeds,” Joly said in a statement on Tuesday. “These changes would make Canada’s sanctions regime the first in the G7 to allow these actions.”\n\nThe sanctions were already crippling Russia’s economy and depleting President Vladimir Putin’s resources to continue the war, the minister said.\n\n“We will continue to apply maximum pressure on the Putin regime and impose severe costs for this war of choice,” Joly added.\n\nThe changes that Canada aims to bring to its sanctions law will mean that funds or property seized from Russia could be paid out to help rebuild Ukraine or to those impacted by Russia’s invasion.\n\nThe measures will be part of the budget implementation bill.\n\nThe legislation will also lay out a requirement for banks to provide lists of foreign assets frozen by Canadian government sanctions so that Ottawa has an inventory of what has been seized, the Globe and Mail reported.\n\nCanada has sanctioned over 1,100 individuals and entities that Ottawa says have been complicit in the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n(Reporting by Kanishka Singh in Washington; Editing by Tomasz Janowski)', 'image': 'https://storage.googleapis.com/media.mwcradio.com/mimesis/2022-04/26/2022-04-26T202038Z_1_LYNXNPEI3P0YO_RTROPTP_3_CANADA-POLITICS.JPG', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:19'}

{'title': "Brazil Defense Ministry rejects judge's comments on anti-democratic guidance", 'keywords': ['bolsonaro', 'voting', 'rejects', 'countrys', 'forces', 'president', 'armed', 'brazils', 'tensions', 'statements', 'court', 'antidemocratic', 'guidance'], 'polarity': -0.0144, 'subjectivity': 0.3212, 'link': 'https://kfgo.com/2022/04/25/brazil-defense-ministry-rejects-judges-comments-on-anti-democratic-guidance/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:09', 'summary': 'BRASILIA (Reuters) – Brazil’s Defense Minister joined a feud between the country’s Supreme Court and his boss, right-wing President Jair Bolsonaro, disputing statements by a Supreme Court judge who said the Armed Forces were being encouraged to discredit the country’s voting system.\nNogueira said Barroso’s statements affected “the ethics, harmony and respect” between the country’s institutions.\nThe tensions between the top court and the president resurfaced last week when Bolsonaro pardoned an ally the court had sentenced hours earlier to nearly nine years in prison for anti-democratic threats.\nBolsonaro is an admirer of former U.S. President Donald Trump and could be tempted to follow his example and refuse to accept defeat in October.\nIf that were to happen, the role of Brazil’s Armed Forces will be crucial in defending its democratic institutions.', 'channel': 'kfgo.com', 'text': 'BRASILIA (Reuters) – Brazil’s Defense Minister joined a feud between the country’s Supreme Court and his boss, right-wing President Jair Bolsonaro, disputing statements by a Supreme Court judge who said the Armed Forces were being encouraged to discredit the country’s voting system.\n\n“To state that the Armed Forces were instructed to attack the electoral system, without presenting any proof or evidence of who guided it or how it happened, is irresponsible and constitutes a serious offense,” Defense Minister General Paulo Sergio Nogueira said on Sunday night, fueling tensions between the court and Bolsonaro.\n\nJustice Luis Roberto Barroso said during an on-line seminar at a Berlin university that the Brazilian military received guidance to “attack and discredit” the voting process for the election in October, when Bolsonaro will seek a second term.\n\nNogueira said Barroso’s statements affected “the ethics, harmony and respect” between the country’s institutions.\n\nThe tensions between the top court and the president resurfaced last week when Bolsonaro pardoned an ally the court had sentenced hours earlier to nearly nine years in prison for anti-democratic threats.\n\nBarroso did not mention Bolsonaro by name in his statements, but the president has questioned the validity of Brazil’s electronic voting urns, alleging without proof that they are vulnerable to fraud.\n\nHis opponents fear Bolsonaro is preparing the ground to refuse the results of a defeat in October in a polarized race against his political nemesis, former leftist President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva.\n\nOpinion polls say Lula has a comfortable though diminishing advantage over Bolsonaro.\n\nBolsonaro is an admirer of former U.S. President Donald Trump and could be tempted to follow his example and refuse to accept defeat in October.\n\nIf that were to happen, the role of Brazil’s Armed Forces will be crucial in defending its democratic institutions.\n\n(Reporting by Anthony Boadle; Editing by David Gregorio)', 'image': 'https://storage.googleapis.com/media.mwcradio.com/mimesis/2022-04/25/2022-04-25T173343Z_1_LYNXNPEI3O0Q0_RTROPTP_3_BRAZIL-POLITICS.JPG', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:09'}

{'title': 'Pastor-led shelters bring schooling options to migrant kids', 'keywords': ['mexico', 'bring', 'pastorled', 'parents', 'victor', 'casa', 'kids', 'kolping', 'children', 'schooling', 'migrant', 'juarez', 'teacher', 'school', 'options'], 'polarity': 0.0913, 'subjectivity': 0.3282, 'link': 'https://www.krmg.com/news/world/pastor-led-shelters/K3QIW33VOQ2U25UKANWI476TJU/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:24', 'summary': 'Mexico Child Migrants Schooling A student focuses on her lesson at Casa Kolping, an alternative education center where child migrants from two pastor-run shelters take classes every weekday morning, in Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, on Monday, March 28, 2022.\nWhile the curriculum is not religious, faith animates these projects, as it does many other migrant relief efforts at the border.\nAbout three dozen children from Casa Oscar Romero and another religious-run shelter attend Casa Kolping.\nThe U.N. child protection agency helps finance Casa Kolping as a pilot program, where attendance gets a kid transferable credit for both Mexican and U.S. schools.\n“We are faced with all kinds of falling behind,” said Garcia at Casa Kolping.', 'channel': 'krmg.com', 'text': 'Mexico Child Migrants Schooling A student focuses on her lesson at Casa Kolping, an alternative education center where child migrants from two pastor-run shelters take classes every weekday morning, in Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, on Monday, March 28, 2022. Education is a big challenge for children on their migration journey, but opportunities like this give them a chance to catch up on academics and to find emotional support. (AP Photo/Christian Chavez) (Christian Chavez)\n\nCIUDAD JUAREZ, Mexico — (AP) — His completed geometry exercise in hand and a smile lighting up his eyes above his face mask, Victor Rodas rushed to the teacher as other students were still drawing.\n\n“I’m winning the race!” the 12-year-old exclaimed. “I’m already done, teacher. I beat everyone.”\n\nBeing enrolled in a school program designed for migrant children in Ciudad Juarez, Victor does have a leg up on many others like him who, fleeing poverty and violence, lose months or even years of schooling on their journeys.\n\nGiving them access to education is a daunting and urgent challenge.\n\nJust in this vast desert metropolis next to El Paso, Texas, thousands of migrant families have hunkered in shelters, waiting to cross into the United States. They\'re prevented from seeking asylum there by U.S. policies that made some wait in Mexico for their court hearings and banned others under a pandemic-era order set to expire May 23.\n\nPastor-run shelters have partnered with educators to help — either busing children to an alternative school that teaches everything from math to reading to dealing with emotions, or bringing in specially accredited teachers.\n\nWhile the curriculum is not religious, faith animates these projects, as it does many other migrant relief efforts at the border. It also informs many of the educators, who recognize schooling as crucial to the youths\' future, including their ability to socialize and eventually find jobs and feel at home wherever they end up.\n\n“They get integrated in the educational system so they can keep gaining confidence,” said Teresa Almada, who runs Casa Kolping, where Victor studies, through a local organization funded three decades ago by lay members of Catholic parishes. “It’s also important … that the families feel they’re not in hostile territory.”\n\nVictor’s oldest sister, Katherine Rodas, 22, fled death threats in Honduras with him and two other siblings she raised after their mother died. While she and her husband are so fearful of gangs that they don’t dare leave their Catholic-run shelter, she leapt at the chance for the children to be bused to Casa Kolping.\n\n“They say the teacher always takes good care of them, plays with them,” Rodas said. “They feel safe there.”\n\nTheir shelter, Casa Oscar Romero, is named for a beloved Salvadoran archbishop, known for ministering to the poor, who was assassinated during his country\'s civil war and later made a saint by Pope Francis. Many housed at this shelter and elsewhere in Ciudad Juarez fled Central America; growing numbers of Mexican families from areas engulfed in cartel warfare are arriving, too.\n\nFor a while after the school program started in October, teachers encouraged parents to join their children in the classrooms to build trust. Among them was Lucia, a single mother of three who fled the Mexican state of Michoacan after a drug cartel “took over the harvest and everything” in their home. She asked to be identified by just her first name for safety.\n\n“Education is important so that they can develop as people and they’ll be able to defend themselves from whatever life will put before them,” Lucia said as she made breakfast in the small communal kitchen at the shelter, where the family had lived for nine months.\n\nHer daughter Carol, 8, already had on her mask and pink backpack, ready to run ahead of the pack as soon as the school bus’s arrival was announced.\n\nAbout three dozen children from Casa Oscar Romero and another religious-run shelter attend Casa Kolping. First to third graders like Carol gather in one classroom, and fourth to sixth graders like Victor meet across the hallway in a large room whose windows frame views of El Paso’s mountains.\n\nAcross the border, Victor imagines, schools will be “big, well-cared for," and will help him reach his goal of becoming an architect. He already practices drawing detailed houses, when he can find paper.\n\n“If you ask the kids, their biggest dream is to cross to the United States,” said teacher Yolanda Garcia.\n\nMany parents see no point in enrolling children in school in Mexico, where they don\'t plan to stay. Also, many public educators are reluctant to admit migrant students, for fear of losing teacher slots if class sizes shrink when they leave suddenly, said Dora Espinoza, a primary school principal in Ciudad Juarez. She actively reaches out to families, including at a shelter two blocks from her classrooms.\n\n“Why all that paperwork if the kid is going to be gone in two weeks” is one argument that makes promoting child migrant education such a challenge, said Paola Gómez, Mexico’s education officer for UNICEF. The U.N. child protection agency helps finance Casa Kolping as a pilot program, where attendance gets a kid transferable credit for both Mexican and U.S. schools.\n\nIn addition to uncertainty, poverty and discrimination keep nearly half of refugee children from school worldwide, according to the United Nations refugee agency, UNHCR.\n\nBut the biggest barrier is insecurity. Hounded by violence in their hometowns and preyed upon by gangs along the journey — often right up to a shelter’s doors — many parents are afraid to let children out of their sight.\n\nThe faith-run programs address that by providing secure transportation, as in the case of Casa Kolping, or bringing instructors directly to the migrants, as in the case of another Ciudad Juarez shelter, Buen Samaritano, Spanish for good Samaritan.\n\nStill, the children take serious traumas with them to the classroom.\n\n“‘Teacher, I’m here because they murdered my parents.’ They tell it in detail, children don’t cover anything up,” said Samuel Jimenéz, a teacher at Buen Samaritano on a recent blustery afternoon. "In the moment they’re here, we can take them out of that reality. They forget it.”\n\nLed by a Methodist pastor and his wife, Buen Samaritano housed more than 70 migrants that day, half of them minors. Children swept swirling desert dust out of the temple area, where the altar was curtained off to create the classroom.\n\nTen-year-old Aritzi Ciriaco, a fourth grader from Michoacan who had been at Buen Samaritano since August with her parents and grandparents, couldn’t wait to get started on the day’s Spanish exercises. She worried that learning English and navigating U.S. schools would be hard once they cross the border.\n\n“The teachers were telling me that there you can’t miss a single class,” Aritzi said “Still, it’s good to know other countries.”\n\nOther challenges for the instructors include catching up students who arrive unable to read or write.\n\n“We are faced with all kinds of falling behind,” said Garcia at Casa Kolping. “But most of all, with a lot of desire to learn. They missed school. When you give them their notebooks, the emotion on their face … some even tell you, ‘How lovely it feels to learn.’”\n\nOne chilly spring morning, one of her students, Juan Pacheco, 12, struggled with a punctuation exercise taught in Spanish — his first language is Mixtec, one of the many Indigenous tongues in Mexico and Central America.\n\nHe had spent more than eight months at Casa Oscar Romero after his family fled the Mexican state of Guerrero, where cartel fighting made it too dangerous to farm even their meager plot of beans.\n\nBut with some coaching, Juan successfully completed another task faster than his classmates: drawing a banknote, a cooking pot, a radish and an ear of corn, and explaining which one didn’t fit with the others.\n\n“I don’t like to talk much, but yes, I’m a good student,” Juan said, beaming.\n\n___\n\nAssociated Press religion coverage receives support through the AP’s collaboration with The Conversation US, with funding from Lilly Endowment Inc. The AP is solely responsible for this content.\n\nCopyright 2022 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without permission.', 'image': 'https://cmg-cmg-rd-20111-prod.cdn.arcpublishing.com/resizer/qZ5o70l1-TpwVJTL-TGxzd2eNqU=/1440x810/filters:format(jpg):quality(70)/cloudfront-us-east-1.images.arcpublishing.com/cmg/APYBXAO6FL7XKZKPTB52OSBIHI.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:24'}

{'title': 'Are you a robot?', 'keywords': ['javascript', 'loading', 'sure', 'terms', 'review', 'happenplease', 'robot', 'information', 'supports', 'policy', 'service'], 'polarity': 0.3333, 'subjectivity': 0.463, 'link': 'https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2022-04-26/just-six-weeks-in-chile-s-leftist-leader-is-in-big-trouble', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:19', 'summary': 'Why did this happen?\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading.\nFor more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'channel': 'bloomberg.com', 'text': 'Why did this happen?\n\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading. For more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'image': '/static/img/wln_alt.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:19'}

{'title': 'The 1631 apparition of Saint Michael the Archangel in Mexico', 'keywords': ['tell', 'san', 'tlaxcala', 'milagro', 'diego', 'apparition', 'young', 'miguel'], 'polarity': 0.1087, 'subjectivity': 0.2249, 'link': 'https://www.heraldmalaysia.com/news/the-1631-apparition-of-saint-michael-the-archangel-in-mexico/65478/2', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:46', 'summary': "The 1631 apparition of Saint Michael the Archangel in MexicoSaint Michael the Archangel appeared to Diego Lázaro de San Francisco, a young convert, for the first time on April 25, 1631 in what is now Mexico's Tlaxcala state.\nApr 26, 2022The Shrine of San Miguel del Milagro in San Miguel del Milagro, Mexico.\nThis apparition would be the first of three that the archangel made that year to Diego, who was about 17 at the time.\nAccording to tradition, Saint Michael the Archangel appeared to Diego while he was participating in a procession for the feast of Saint Mark.\nIn that encounter, the archangel told the young man: “You must know, my son, that I am Saint Michael the Archangel.", 'channel': 'heraldmalaysia.com', 'text': "The 1631 apparition of Saint Michael the Archangel in Mexico\n\nSaint Michael the Archangel appeared to Diego Lázaro de San Francisco, a young convert, for the first time on April 25, 1631 in what is now Mexico's Tlaxcala state.\n\nApr 26, 2022\n\nThe Shrine of San Miguel del Milagro in San Miguel del Milagro, Mexico. | Isaacvp via Wikimedia (CC BY-SA 4.0)\n\n\n\nBy David Ramos\n\nSaint Michael the Archangel appeared to Diego Lázaro de San Francisco, a young convert, for the first time on April 25, 1631 in what is now Mexico's Tlaxcala state.\n\nThis apparition would be the first of three that the archangel made that year to Diego, who was about 17 at the time.\n\nThere is now a shrine at the site, in the town of San Miguel del Milagro, about 12 miles southwest of Tlaxcala City.\n\nAccording to tradition, Saint Michael the Archangel appeared to Diego while he was participating in a procession for the feast of Saint Mark.\n\n\n\nIn that encounter, the archangel told the young man: “You must know, my son, that I am Saint Michael the Archangel. I come to tell you that it is God's will and mine that you tell those of this town and its surroundings, that in this ravine made by two hills and it’s the one that’s in front of this place, they will find a miraculous spring of water for all diseases, which is under a very large rock. Do not doubt what I tell you, nor not do what I command you.”", 'image': 'https://www.heraldmalaysia.com/images/favicon.ico', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:46'}

{'title': 'Are you a robot?', 'keywords': ['javascript', 'loading', 'sure', 'terms', 'review', 'happenplease', 'robot', 'information', 'supports', 'policy', 'service'], 'polarity': 0.3333, 'subjectivity': 0.463, 'link': 'https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2022-04-26/mexico-s-fiscal-picture-growing-more-complicated-moody-s-says', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:20', 'summary': 'Why did this happen?\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading.\nFor more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'channel': 'bloomberg.com', 'text': 'Why did this happen?\n\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading. For more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'image': '/static/img/wln_alt.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:20'}

{'title': "Brazil Carnival: 'Bolsonaro' dancer turned into crocodile", 'keywords': ['dancer', 'presidential', 'president', 'crocodile', 'schools', 'vaccine', 'samba', 'são', 'covid', 'brazil'], 'polarity': -0.0234, 'subjectivity': 0.3424, 'link': 'https://au.news.yahoo.com/brazil-carnival-bolsonaro-dancer-turned-112721653.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:17', 'summary': 'During the São Paulo parade, a performer wearing a presidential sash transformed into a crocodile after "receiving a vaccine" on stage.\nPresident Jair Bolsonaro once suggested that a Covid vaccine side effect could turn people into crocodiles.\nThe Rosas de Ouro school, behind the crocodile joke, performed during the second day of São Paulo\'s section made up of the top samba schools in the state.\nPresident Bolsonaro, who chose not to be vaccinated against the virus, has been widely criticised for his Covid policies and the slow roll-out of the vaccine in Brazil.\nBut with Brazil\'s presidential election less than six months away, many samba schools chose to include political themes such as racism and inequality in their performances.', 'channel': 'au.news.yahoo.com', 'text': 'The crowd laughed as the man dressed as a crocodile emerged from behind a trap door and theatrical smoke\n\nBrazil\'s president found himself ridiculed for his Covid policies as the world-famous Carnival took place for the first time since the pandemic.\n\nDuring the São Paulo parade, a performer wearing a presidential sash transformed into a crocodile after "receiving a vaccine" on stage.\n\nPresident Jair Bolsonaro once suggested that a Covid vaccine side effect could turn people into crocodiles.\n\nThe team behind the show said the jab at the president was a "little joke".\n\nBrazil\'s top samba schools took part in Carnival celebrations across Sambadromes in São Paulo and Rio De Janeiro on Saturday night, with thousands of performers and fans dancing into the early hours of Sunday.\n\nThe Rosas de Ouro school, behind the crocodile joke, performed during the second day of São Paulo\'s section made up of the top samba schools in the state.\n\nA performer dressed in a presidential sash receives a "vaccine" at the Anhembi Sambadrome\n\nPaulo Menezes, the Rosas de Ouro team member responsible for ideas for the giant floats, told Globo that "crocodile Bolsonaro" was a joke and a way of representing the difficulties faced by Brazilians during the pandemic.\n\n\'Carnival this year was a battle cry\'\n\nMr Menezes said that this year\'s carnival was a "battle cry", and that the school\'s parade aimed to "get rid of all of the bad things we\'ve experienced these last few years and pay homage to those who are no longer with us".\n\nBrazil has been hit hard by the Covid pandemic, with over 660,000 deaths and 30,000,000 cases, according to the World Health Organization (WHO).\n\nPresident Bolsonaro, who chose not to be vaccinated against the virus, has been widely criticised for his Covid policies and the slow roll-out of the vaccine in Brazil.\n\nHe repeatedly downplayed the severity of the virus, which he referred to as a "little flu", and was criticised for removing his face mask in public after testing positive for Covid-19.\n\nThe Brazilian president also attended anti-lockdown protests after regional governors imposed restrictions, denouncing the measures as "dictatorial".\n\nStory continues\n\nThe performer also had a face mask around his wrist, referencing President Bolsonaro\'s dislike of face coverings\n\nThe idea for the float initially scared the school\'s leadership, Mr Menezes claimed, because it had refrained from political commentary in recent years.\n\n"If you watch carnival in the 1980s and 1990s, there was always political satire in performances," he said. But with Brazil\'s presidential election less than six months away, many samba schools chose to include political themes such as racism and inequality in their performances.\n\nMr Bolsonaro made light of the performance on Twitter, describing it as "bad".\n\nHe said that all Covid vaccines administered in Brazil were purchased by the federal government and that the decision to receive the vaccine had always been up to the public.\n\nFollowing the conclusion of the main parades on Sunday morning, judges will decide on the top schools in São Paulo and Rio De Janeiro on Tuesday and the celebrations will conclude with a final presentation by the chosen schools on Friday.', 'image': 'https://s.yimg.com/uu/api/res/1.2/femiE9h41MU30.c31WiBSQ--~B/aD01NzY7dz0xMDI0O2FwcGlkPXl0YWNoeW9u/https://media.zenfs.com/en/bbc_us_articles_995/3ea8e339aadc2a565c90c48567bd2917', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:03:17'}

{'title': 'Are you a robot?', 'keywords': ['javascript', 'loading', 'sure', 'terms', 'review', 'happenplease', 'robot', 'information', 'supports', 'policy', 'service'], 'polarity': 0.3333, 'subjectivity': 0.463, 'link': 'https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2022-04-26/exiled-venezuelan-leader-pushes-for-primaries-to-confront-maduro', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:23', 'summary': 'Why did this happen?\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading.\nFor more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'channel': 'bloomberg.com', 'text': 'Why did this happen?\n\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading. For more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'image': '/static/img/wln_alt.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:23'}

{'title': 'Lula lead narrows, Bolsonaro rejection steady in new Brazil poll', 'keywords': ['race', 'steady', 'points', 'percentage', 'president', 'poll', 'lead', 'voters', 'survey', 'showed', 'brazil'], 'polarity': 0.1148, 'subjectivity': 0.3551, 'link': 'https://news.yahoo.com/lula-lead-narrows-bolsonaro-rejection-155235353.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:24', 'summary': "SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva's lead in the Brazilian presidential race continued to narrow, a new poll showed on Monday, although voters still overwhelmingly disapproved of how President Jair Bolsonaro has governed.\nThat nine-point gap was down from a lead of 14 percentage points for Lula in FSB's survey last month, adding to evidence that Bolsonaro has made the race more competitive this year as the focus on his handling of the COVID-19 pandemic recedes.\nIn a simulated second-round runoff, FSB's latest poll found Lula would beat Bolsonaro 52% to 37%, compared to a spread of 54% to 35% last month.\nRejection of Bolsonaro remains high, the survey showed, with 61% disapproving of how he governs, in line with last month.\nFSB conducted its latest poll, financed by investment bank BTG Pactual, via telephone interviews with 2,000 potential voters between April 22-24, with a margin of error of 2 percentage points in either direction.", 'channel': 'news.yahoo.com', 'text': "SAO PAULO (Reuters) - Former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva's lead in the Brazilian presidential race continued to narrow, a new poll showed on Monday, although voters still overwhelmingly disapproved of how President Jair Bolsonaro has governed.\n\nThe survey by pollster FSB Pesquisa found that Lula, a former union leader who was president from 2003 to 2010, had the upper hand in a first-round vote, with 41% of voter intentions, compared to 32% for the right-wing incumbent.\n\nThat nine-point gap was down from a lead of 14 percentage points for Lula in FSB's survey last month, adding to evidence that Bolsonaro has made the race more competitive this year as the focus on his handling of the COVID-19 pandemic recedes.\n\nIn a simulated second-round runoff, FSB's latest poll found Lula would beat Bolsonaro 52% to 37%, compared to a spread of 54% to 35% last month.\n\nRejection of Bolsonaro remains high, the survey showed, with 61% disapproving of how he governs, in line with last month.\n\nFSB conducted its latest poll, financed by investment bank BTG Pactual, via telephone interviews with 2,000 potential voters between April 22-24, with a margin of error of 2 percentage points in either direction.\n\n(Reporting by Steven Grattan; Editing by Brad Haynes and Bernadette Baum)", 'image': 'https://s.yimg.com/uu/api/res/1.2/MNs7WUTrsV976a2aQ4CGrA--~B/aD01MzM7dz04MDA7YXBwaWQ9eXRhY2h5b24-/https://media.zenfs.com/en/reuters.com/fde0aa31d0fe1ef2af41c2da05fcaa45', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:24'}

{'title': 'Are you a robot?', 'keywords': ['javascript', 'loading', 'sure', 'terms', 'review', 'happenplease', 'robot', 'information', 'supports', 'policy', 'service'], 'polarity': 0.3333, 'subjectivity': 0.463, 'link': 'https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2022-04-25/biden-administration-urges-congress-to-curb-risky-drone-activity', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:54', 'summary': 'Why did this happen?\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading.\nFor more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'channel': 'bloomberg.com', 'text': 'Why did this happen?\n\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading. For more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'image': '/static/img/wln_alt.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:54'}

{'title': 'Are you a robot?', 'keywords': ['javascript', 'loading', 'sure', 'terms', 'review', 'happenplease', 'robot', 'information', 'supports', 'policy', 'service'], 'polarity': 0.3333, 'subjectivity': 0.463, 'link': 'https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2022-04-26/supreme-court-questions-biden-bid-to-end-remain-in-mexico?utm_source=google&utm_medium=bd&cmpId=google', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:45', 'summary': 'Why did this happen?\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading.\nFor more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'channel': 'bloomberg.com', 'text': 'Why did this happen?\n\nPlease make sure your browser supports JavaScript and cookies and that you are not blocking them from loading. For more information you can review our Terms of Service and Cookie Policy.', 'image': '/static/img/wln_alt.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 03:02:45'}


