{'title': 'Boris Johnson Urged to Help Free British Fighters Captured in Ukraine', 'keywords': ['war', 'help', 'ukrainian', 'captured', 'johnson', 'prisoners', 'aslin', 'fighters', 'told', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0022, 'subjectivity': 0.161, 'link': 'https://www.theepochtimes.com/boris-johnson-urged-to-help-free-british-fighters-captured-in-ukraine_4427726.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:33', 'summary': 'Boris Johnson Urged to Help Free British Fighters Captured in UkraineBritish Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been urged to help free two British nationals who were captured by Russia when fighting in Mariupol.\nThe families said they have both been in Ukraine since 2018, long before the Russian invasion of the eastern European country.\nIt is between Ukraine and Russia,” Nathan Aslin told TalkTV.\nAnd it’s a moral obligation to do something about it.”Angela Aslin added: “I would like to hope that Boris will help.\nForeign Office minister James Cleverly on Tuesday confirmed that Aslin and Pinner should be treated as prisoners of war.', 'channel': 'theepochtimes.com', 'text': 'Boris Johnson Urged to Help Free British Fighters Captured in Ukraine\n\nBritish Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been urged to help free two British nationals who were captured by Russia when fighting in Mariupol.\n\nThe family of Aiden Aslin told a British TV broadcaster on Monday that they hope Johnson will help and have something “sorted out” so the 28-year-old and his fellow Briton, 48-year-old Shaun Pinner, can be returned to their families.\n\nThe UK government said it’s in touch with the two families to support them. It also condemned the exploitation of prisoners of war for political purposes and called for anyone detained to be treated humanely in accordance with the requirements of international humanitarian law.\n\nAslin, originally from Newark-on-Trent, Nottinghamshire, north England, and Pinner, originally from Bedfordshire, east England, are both members of the Ukrainian armed forces. The families said they have both been in Ukraine since 2018, long before the Russian invasion of the eastern European country.\n\nThe pair were captured earlier this month after their unit had to surrender after 48 days of defending Mariupol as they were “running out of ammunition.”\n\nThey later appeared on Russian state TV, asking Johnson to help exchange for them with Viktor Medvedchuk, a pro-Russian Ukrainian politician who was arrested by the Ukrainian secret services on April 12. It’s not clear if they were under duress.\n\nBoth appeared to have bruises and Aslin appeared to have been beaten. Their families later said they were in contact with the UK’s Foreign Office to ensure the Russian authorities “meet their obligations to prisoners of war under international law.”\n\nRussia’s foreign ministry on April 21 said “the Russian side [was] taking care of them,” and they were “fed, watered, and given the necessary assistance. Just like other foreigners who have surrendered or been detained.”\n\nA Russian national flag flies by destroyed buildings in Mariupol, Ukraine, on April 12, 2022. (Alexander Nemenov/AFP via Getty Images)\n\nThe UK government advises against reporting on specific individuals as this may impact their safety. The International Committee of the Red Cross also recommends not publishing images that identify prisoners of war, or show them in humiliating or degrading situations unless there’s a “compelling public interest” in doing so in accordance with the Geneva Convention.\n\nBut Aslin’s mother Angela and his brother Nathan spoke to TalkTV on Monday, pleading for Johnson’s help. Pinner’s family also previously released a statement through the FCDO, rebuking Russian media’s characterisation of foreign fighters in the Ukrainian military as “mercenaries.”\n\n“I would hope that, at some point, there will be a prisoner swap. However, it’s out of my hands. It is between Ukraine and Russia,” Nathan Aslin told TalkTV.\n\nOutlining his recent phone conversation with his brother, Nathan Aslin told the broadcaster, “It was obvious that he was with the Russian people that were holding him and he was asking for me to contact Boris [Johnson] to get this prison swap done. And to keep on asking for this swap.”\n\nAsked what he would say to the prime minister, Nathan said: “Act now when you got the time to act. You’ve got two British citizens on the line, being forced to say whatever the Russians are putting in [their] mouths at gunpoint, whether they show it on the camera or not. And it’s a moral obligation to do something about it.”\n\nAngela Aslin added: “I would like to hope that Boris will help. And talk to the Ukraine government [and] embassy. There can be something sorted out so that these two guys can come home.”\n\nAslin moved to Ukraine in 2018 with his Ukrainian fiancée and now holds British and Ukrainian citizenship. He previously fought the ISIS terrorist group with Kurdish militia People’s Defense Units in Syria and northern Iraq.\n\nPinner’s family previously said that the former British Army soldier decided to relocate to Ukraine in 2019 “to use his previous experience and training within the Ukraine military.”\n\nThe statement said Pinner “enjoyed the Ukrainian way of life and considered Ukraine as his adopted country” where he also met his Ukrainian wife.\n\nForeign Office minister James Cleverly on Tuesday confirmed that Aslin and Pinner should be treated as prisoners of war.\n\nAsked about the pair by Aslin’s local MP—former housing minister Robert Jenrick—Cleverly told Parliament he had discussed the issue of foreign volunteer fighters with the Ukrainian government.\n\n“They are clear, and we are clear, that those fighting under the Ukrainian flag for the Ukrainian armed forces in the defence of Ukraine should be treated as Ukrainian military and as prisoners of war, with all the protections that the international humanitarian law affords to those individuals,” Cleverly said.\n\nThe UK government advises against all travel to Ukraine.', 'image': 'https://img.theepochtimes.com/assets/uploads/2022/04/1.2.66462486.jpg-1200x800.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:33'}
{'title': 'Day 62 of the Invasion of Ukraine: Nuclear Threat, New Attacks and Casualties, More Aid to Kyiv', 'keywords': ['war', 'threat', 'president', 'kyiv', 'aid', 'invasion', 'ukrainian', 'region', 'ukraine', 'russian', 'world', 'russia', 'talks', 'attacks', 'day', 'nuclear', 'casualties'], 'polarity': 0.0427, 'subjectivity': 0.1743, 'link': 'https://www.novinite.com/articles/214866/Day+62+of+the+Invasion+of+Ukraine%3A+Nuclear+Threat%2C+New+Attacks+and+Casualties%2C+More+Aid+to+Kyiv', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:25', 'summary': 'Nuclear threat and World War III, new attacks and casualties, more aid to Kyiv.\nThe US wants a "weakened" RussiaUS Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin hopes the war in Ukraine will make it difficult for the Russian military.\nRussia warns of real danger from World War IIIRussian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has warned that there is a "real" danger of an outbreak of World War III as a result of the conflict in Ukraine.\nPeace talks to continuePeace talks with Ukraine will continue, Lavrov added.\nSeveral European countries have also reopened their embassies in Kyiv after Russia withdrew its troops from the region.', 'channel': 'novinite.com', 'text': 'Nuclear threat and World War III, new attacks and casualties, more aid to Kyiv. Here are the highlights of events in Ukraine over the past 24 hours:\n\nFive victims of attacks on railway stations\n\nAt least five people have been killed and 18 injured in Russian missile strikes at five railway stations in central Ukraine\'s Vinnytsia region, the Ukrainian Prosecutor General\'s Office said.\n\nThe US wants a "weakened" Russia\n\nUS Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin hopes the war in Ukraine will make it difficult for the Russian military. "We want to see Russia weakened to the point that it cannot do the things it did during the invasion of Ukraine," he said after a visit to Kyiv with Secretary of State Antony Blinken. Ukraine can win the war if it has the "right equipment", he added.\n\nAustin and Blinken pledged 0 million in additional military aid during their visit.\n\nRussia warns of real danger from World War III\n\nRussian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has warned that there is a "real" danger of an outbreak of World War III as a result of the conflict in Ukraine. "The danger is serious, it\'s real, you can\'t underestimate it," he told Interfax.\n\nPeace talks to continue\n\nPeace talks with Ukraine will continue, Lavrov added. He criticized Kyiv\'s approach to the talks and accused President Volodymyr Zelensky of "pretending" to negotiate. "Goodwill has its limits. But if it is not reciprocal, it does not help the negotiation process," he said.\n\nUS ambassadors and consuls will return to Kyiv\n\nBlinken confirmed that US diplomats withdrawn from Ukraine at the start of the Russian invasion would gradually return to Kyiv. US President Joe Biden has nominated Foreign Service Officer Bridget Brink as the next US ambassador.\n\nSeveral European countries have also reopened their embassies in Kyiv after Russia withdrew its troops from the region.\n\nThere is no deal for Mariupol\n\nThe Russian military says Kyiv has prevented the evacuation of civilians from Mariupol\'s Azovstal steel plant, where Ukrainian forces have barricaded themselves in the besieged port city, despite announcing a unilateral ceasefire. According to Ukraine, however, Moscow has not agreed to its request to evacuate wounded soldiers and civilians.\n\nPutin congratulated Macron\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin has congratulated French President Emmanuel Macron on his victory over far-right candidate Marin Le Pen, who is considered closer to Moscow.\n\nICC joins investigation into crimes in Ukraine\n\nThe Attorney General of the International Criminal Court will join the EU investigation team to investigate possible international crimes committed in Ukraine. This is the first time that its representatives have participated in a joint international investigation.\n\nExpelled German diplomats\n\nMoscow expelled 40 German diplomats after Berlin declared 40 Russian diplomats persona non grata earlier this month.\n\nBritish missiles against Russia\n\nThe Minister of Defense of the United Kingdom Ben Wallace assured that London will send to Ukraine armored vehicles that can fire missiles at Russian warplanes.\n\nRussia claims to have shot down Ukrainian drones\n\nThe governor of Russia\'s Kursk region, which borders Ukraine, said Russian forces had shot down two Ukrainian drones near the border between the two countries, in the Rylsk region of Kursk. Two people were injured in a village in Russia\'s Belgorod region as a result of Ukrainian strikes, the village mayor said.\n\n5.2 million refugees\n\nMore than 5.2 million Ukrainians have fled their country since Russia launched its invasion two months ago. More than 45,000 have left in the last 24 hours, the UN said.\n\nFollow Novinite.com on Twitter and Facebook\n\nWrite to us at editors@novinite.com\n\nИнформирайте се на Български - Novinite.bg\n\n/BGNES', 'image': 'https://www.novinite.com/media/images/2022-04/photo_verybig_214866.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:25'}
{'title': "'Breach of rights' Boris Johnson rages at Putin parading UK hostages captured in Ukraine", 'keywords': ['putin', 'aiden', 'rages', 'ukraine', 'captured', 'johnson', 'breach', 'russia', 'parading', 'prisoners', 'rights', 'aslin', 'prime', 'hostages'], 'polarity': 0.009, 'subjectivity': 0.1755, 'link': 'https://www.express.co.uk/news/politics/1601507/Boris-Johnson-latest-Ukraine-news-Aiden-Aslin-Russia-war-Vladimir-Putin-latest-vn', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:05', 'summary': 'Boris Johnson: UK hostages should not be paradedfree Ukrainians in the UK email for updates, changes and news SUBSCRIBE Invalid email Get ourUkrainians in the UK email for updates, changes and news We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you\'ve consented to and to improve our understanding of you.\nMore infoThe Prime Minister has lashed out at the Russian treatment of two captured British men Aiden Aslin, 28, and Shaun Pinner, 48 in Ukraine.\nBoris Johnson slammed the Russian military for treating the two prisoners as hostages after they were captured during the battle for the city of Mariupol.\n"They are prisoners of war and they are therefore entitled to rights under the Geneva Convention.\n"They should not be made to give hostage videos that is a breach of their rights as prisoners of war."', 'channel': 'express.co.uk', 'text': 'Boris Johnson: UK hostages should not be paraded\n\nfree Ukrainians in the UK email for updates, changes and news SUBSCRIBE Invalid email Get ourUkrainians in the UK email for updates, changes and news We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you\'ve consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. More info\n\nThe Prime Minister has lashed out at the Russian treatment of two captured British men Aiden Aslin, 28, and Shaun Pinner, 48 in Ukraine. Boris Johnson slammed the Russian military for treating the two prisoners as hostages after they were captured during the battle for the city of Mariupol.\n\nMr Johnson told TalkTV: "Aiden and other UK nationals who have been fighting for the Ukrainian Armed Forces who get captured are not hostages, they\'re not there to be swapped, you know, as though they were terrorists or whatever. "They are prisoners of war and they are therefore entitled to rights under the Geneva Convention. "They should not under the laws of war be paraded in front of the cameras. "They should not be made to give hostage videos that is a breach of their rights as prisoners of war." JUST IN: \'Putin on brink: Exiled oligarch says next round of sanctions to deliver \'serious blow\n\nBoris Johnson speaks on UK hostages in Russia, saying ‘they should not be paraded in front of the ca\n\nBoris Johnson spoke out over treatment of Aiden Aslin and fellow Briton Shaun Pinner\n\nFacebook is to take down a video of captured British soldier Aiden Aslin being taunted with the death penalty, Prime Minister Boris Johnson has said. Mr Aslin was captured while fighting with Ukrainian armed forces against Russia. Mr Johnson said the removal comes after Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries spoke to Sir Nick Clegg, vice president of global affairs at Facebook\'s parent company Meta and the UK\'s former Deputy Prime Minister. Mr Johnson told TalkTV: "Nadine Dorries rang Facebook earlier today, she rang Nick Clegg, and as I understand the matter Nick has agreed to take that down."\n\nUkraine\'s war with Russia could be \'extremely long\' says expert\n\nTrending\n\nRussia versus Ukraine mapped', 'image': 'https://cdn.images.express.co.uk/img/dynamic/139/1200x712/1601507_1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:05'}
{'title': "‘They'd probably all die': Analysts Doubt Russian Push Toward Separatist Transnistria", 'keywords': ['doubt', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'city', 'forces', 'according', 'southern', 'military', 'russian'], 'polarity': -0.0043, 'subjectivity': 0.1906, 'link': 'https://www.themoscowtimes.com/2022/04/26/theyd-probably-all-die-analysts-doubt-russian-push-toward-separatist-transnistria-a77498', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:21', 'summary': 'There are between 7,000 and 11,000 Russian soldiers deployed around Kherson, according to analysts.\nMinnekayev does not lead operations in southern Ukraine and is not the figure you would expect to lay out Russia’s military goals there, he added.\nIn particular, Russia appears to have stepped up attacks on targets in and around the southern city of Odesa.\nA Russian missile attack Tuesday destroyed a bridge over the Dniester estuary to the west of Odesa, according to Ukrainian officials.\nRescuers clear debris in a damaged building in Odessa, southern Ukraine on April 24, 2022, which was reportedly hit by missile strike.', 'channel': 'themoscowtimes.com', 'text': 'Fears rose Tuesday that Moscow could order a military push through south-west Ukraine following Russian airstrikes on infrastructure near the Black Sea coast and a series of blasts in the Moscow-backed separatist region of Transnistria on Ukraine\'s western border. The military developments followed hints from a Russian general about an attempt to link up with Transnistrian forces, and cutting-off Kyiv’s access to the southern part of the country. But military experts warn that – even if it exists – such a Russian plan is unlikely to be feasible in the immediate future given logistical difficulties and the Kremlin’s concentration of men and equipment in eastern Ukraine. “The chances of them breaking out and fighting through to Odesa and Transnistria are slim,” said Sam Cranny-Evans, a military analyst at the London-based Royal United Services Institute think-tank. “They’d probably all die if they tried.” Instead, Russian forces are currently focused on striking north from the port city of Mariupol and south from the strategic town Izyum, in an attempt to encircle Ukrainian troops in the east of the country. The so-called “battle for Donbas” could be long and arduous, according to analysts, leaving Moscow few options if it was mulling a push out of the Russian-occupied city of Kherson in the direction of Moldova. A strip of land home to about 470,000 people, the Moldovan separatist region of Transnistria is sandwiched between Moldova and Ukraine, and has been under the control of separatist authorities since a 1992 war. Russia bases about 1,500 troops there, which it refers to as peacekeepers.\n\nA fire engine is pictured outside the Ministry for State Security of Transnistria that was shelled from hand-held grenade launchers on April 25. Transnistria\'s Interior Ministry\n\n“If you look at Kherson… there aren\'t many troops compared to Izyum where there\'s potentially 25,000 pushing south,” Cranny-Evans told The Moscow Times. There are between 7,000 and 11,000 Russian soldiers deployed around Kherson, according to analysts. Transnistria is about 300 kilometers from Kherson. “The plan remains to take [the eastern Ukrainian regions of] Donetsk and Luhansk and to hold on to the southern territories Russia has taken so far,\'\' said Dmitry Gorenburg, a researcher on Russian security at the Virginia-based CNA think tank. Speculation about a Russian push through south-western Ukraine began Friday, when General Rustam Minnekayev, the deputy commander of Russia\'s central military district, said that "control over the south of Ukraine is another way out to Transnistria, where there are also facts of oppression of the Russian-speaking population.” This was followed Monday by explosions at the headquarters of Transnistria’s security services, and blasts Tuesday at two Transnistrian radio towers. The Moldovan authorities said Tuesday that the attacks were a “pretext” for stirring tensions in the region. Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told reporters that Moscow was following the situation in Transnistria closely, and expressed "concern" at the violence. Yet, despite these events, analysts said Russia was unlikely to launch an attack westward in an attempt to link up with the Russian forces based in the separatist region, and that Minnekayev was more likely setting out what Russia hopes may one day be possible.\n\nAn antenna of the Transnistrian Radio and TV Centre has collapsed after an explosion in the village of Mayak, Grigoriopol District. Transnistria\'s Interior Ministry / TASS\n\n“This was a statement to encourage the troops, rather than… revised Russian war aims,” said Gorenburg. Minnekayev does not lead operations in southern Ukraine and is not the figure you would expect to lay out Russia’s military goals there, he added. To even begin considering a breakout to the west, Russia would need to first utilize the superiority it has in air and naval forces. The sinking of the Moskva missile cruiser, the flagship of Russia’s Black Sea fleet, earlier this month has led to a more cautious approach from the Russian navy, according to Gorenburg. Instead, Russia is slowly asserting its dominance in the air. “Russian air force sorties are up 150% over the last week, about 300 a day, and that will just be unrelenting for the Ukrainians,” Cranny-Evans said. In particular, Russia appears to have stepped up attacks on targets in and around the southern city of Odesa. A Russian missile attack Tuesday destroyed a bridge over the Dniester estuary to the west of Odesa, according to Ukrainian officials. There were also several missile attacks on the port city Sunday, at least one of which resulted in civilian casualties. These strikes could be part of a wider Russian plan to herd Ukrainian forces into smaller pockets and cut-off their supply lines, leading to long-term shortages of food, ammunition and air defense equipment, according to Cranny-Evans.\n\nRescuers clear debris in a damaged building in Odessa, southern Ukraine on April 24, 2022, which was reportedly hit by missile strike. A Russian strike on a residential building on April 23, 2022 has killed eight people, including a baby, and wounded at least 18 others in Ukraine\'s Black Sea city of Odessa, Kyiv says. Oleksandr GIMANOV / AFP', 'image': 'https://static.themoscowtimes.com/image/1360/84/000_328Y6ZY.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:21'}
{'title': 'Early Edition: April 25, 2022', 'keywords': ['reports', 'president', 'yesterday', 'washington', 'ukrainian', 'report', 'ukraine', 'according', 'york', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0365, 'subjectivity': 0.2186, 'link': 'https://www.justsecurity.org/81255/early-edition-25-april-2022/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=rss&utm_campaign=early-edition-25-april-2022', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:03', 'summary': 'by Emma SnellSignup to receive the Early Edition in your inbox here.\nNine Russian missiles struck infrastructure in Kremenchuk, an industrial city in central Ukraine, yesterday according to a regional leader.\nAlina Kabaeva, the woman the U.S. government believes to be Russian President Vladimir Putin’s girlfriend, has been spared sanctions in a last-minute decision.\nTop Ukrainian officials yesterday expressed disapproval of U.N. Secretary-General António Guterres’ planned meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Tuesday.\nIgor Zhovkva, deputy head of the officer of Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, told NBC in an interview that Guterres is “not really” authorized to speak on behalf of the Ukrainian government.', 'channel': 'justsecurity.org', 'text': 'by Emma Snell\n\nSignup to receive the Early Edition in your inbox here.\n\nA curated weekday guide to major national security news and developments over the past 24 hours. Here’s today’s news.\n\nRUSSIA, UKRAINE – FIGHTING\n\nRussia has made small advances after beginning to focus on the full occupation of the Donbas region, but the lack of resources and combat support is making it hard for the Russian troops to occupy the region, the U.K. Defense Ministry has said in an intelligence update. Russia’s Ministry of Defense has proposed that the military handle payments to families of deceased soldiers, suggesting that Russia is trying to hide the extensive war losses from its own population, the update added. Ayumi Fujimoto reports for NBC News.\n\nFive train stations in central and western Ukraine came under Russian fire this morning, delaying train services, Oleksandr Kamyshim chairman of Ukrainian Railways said in a Telegram post. Julian Duplain reports for the Washington Post.\n\nRussia has said that it would investigate the cause of a large fire that erupted in the early hours of the morning at an oil storage facility in the city of Bryansk 96 miles northeast of the border with Ukraine. The ministry said in a statement that the fire had broken out at a facility owned by oil pipeline company Transneft at 0200 local time (1800 EST) and that there had been no need to evacuate any parts of Bryansk, a city of 400,000 people. Reuters reports.\n\nNine Russian missiles struck infrastructure in Kremenchuk, an industrial city in central Ukraine, yesterday according to a regional leader. “The enemy does not shy away from anything, even on such a holy day,” Dmytro Lunin, an acting governor and head of the Poltava region’s military administration, wrote on Telegram. María Paúl reports for the Washington Post.\n\nRussian attacks targeting the towns of Gorske and Zolote in the eastern Luhansk region killed six people on Saturday, the region’s governor, Sergiy Haida has said. Cora Engelbrecht reports for the New York Times.\n\nA series of artillery strikes hit central and east Kharkiv on Saturday, including a large residential area. There were no casualties in the strike on central Kharkiv, officials said. Thomas Gibbons-Neff reports for the New York Times.\n\nRussia is planning a staged referendum in the Ukrainian city of Kherson to justify “its occupation,” according to the U.K.’s Defense Ministry. “The city is key to Russia’s objective of establishing a land bridge to Crimea and dominating southern Ukraine,” the ministry tweeted in an intelligence update. María Paúl reports for the Washington Post.\n\nRUSSIA, UKRAINE – MARIUPOL\n\nUkrainian forces are still in full control of the Azovstal steel plant in the port city of Mariupol and have repelled continuous assaults by Russian infantry, Capt. Svyatoslav Palamar, the deputy commander of the Azov Battalion, said yesterday. Ukrainian forces are willing to leave the factory and evacuate the city if given guarantees of safe passage for themselves and hundreds of civilians, Palamar said. Michael Schwirtz reports for the New York Times.\n\nRussian troops may be preparing for a renewed assault on the Azovstal steel plant, according to an update by Washington-based think tank the Institute for the Study of War. BBC News reports.\n\nThe International Committee of the Red Cross issued a statement yesterday saying that it was “deeply alarmed” by the situation in Mariupol. The statement called for unimpeded access to help residents, including hundreds of wounded. Marc Santora and Austin Ramzy report for the New York Times.\n\nRUSSIA, UKRAINE – U.S. RESPONSE\n\nSecretary of State Antony Blinken said during an unannounced trip to Kyiv on Sunday that U.S. diplomats would return to Ukraine this week. Blinken and Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin traveled to the Ukrainian capital, where they met with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and other Ukrainian officials, making them the highest-level US officials to have traveled to the country since Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Kylie Atwood and Jennifer Hanlser report for CNN.\n\nBridget Brink, who is currently the ambassador to Slovakia, is expected to be named as U.S. ambassador to Ukraine – a position that has been left vacant since early 2020 under former President Trump’s administration. President Joe Biden will likely nominate her later today. María Paúl and Missy Ryan report for the Washington Post.\n\nAt the meeting in Kyiv, the U.S. pledged more than $700m in military financing to help Ukraine’s war efforts, officials have said. About half of the money will go to Ukraine, while the rest will be split among NATO members and other regional allies. In addition, the US will sell $165m of ammunition to Ukraine. BBC News reports.\n\nRussia is failing in its war aims but Ukraine is succeeding, Blinken said following his and Austin’s meeting with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Kyiv. Reuters reports.\n\nThe United States hopes the war in Ukraine will result in a “weakened” Russia that no longer has the capacity to invade its neighbors, Austin told reporters during his trip to Kyiv. “We want to see Russia weakened to the degree that it can’t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine,” Austin said. Annabelle Timsit and Julie Yoon report for the Washington Post.\n\nZelenskyy has thanked the US for its “unprecedented” support for Ukraine, following his meeting with Blinken and Austin yesterday. “We appreciate the unprecedented assistance of the United States to Ukraine. I would like to thank President Biden personally and on behalf of the entire Ukrainian people for his leadership in supporting Ukraine, for his personal clear position. To thank all the American people, as well as the Congress for their bicameral and bipartisan support. We see it. We feel it,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Ukraine’s presidential website reports.\n\nAlina Kabaeva, the woman the U.S. government believes to be Russian President Vladimir Putin’s girlfriend, has been spared sanctions in a last-minute decision. U.S. officials believe that sanctioning Kabaeva would be deemed so personal a blow to Putin that it could further escalate tensions between Russia and the U.S.. Vivian Salama, Joe Parkinson and Drew Hinshaw report for the Wall Street Journal.\n\nMultiple governors have announced that their state National Guards would be sending armored vehicles to Ukraine in response to a request from the Pentagon. Gov. Mike DeWine (R- OH) and Gov. Jim Justice (R – WV) announced that their state National Guards would be providing an unspecified number of M-113 armored personnel carriers, which help move equipment and soldiers “while providing protection from small arms fire and the effects of artillery,” according to press releases from both governors’ offices. Caroline Vakil reports for The Hill.\n\nRUSSIA, UKRAINE – GLOBAL RESPONSE\n\nIn recent days Russian authorities have stopped publishing data on government debt, trade statistics and oil production, while lawmakers work on a bill banning lenders from sharing data with foreign states. The growing blackout is part of an effort by the Russian authorities to protect the economy and domestic companies from further sanctions by the West. Limited data means that Washington and Brussels will have less visibility on whether and how their sanctions are working. Georgi Kantchev reports for the Wall Street Journal.\n\nTop Ukrainian officials yesterday expressed disapproval of U.N. Secretary-General António Guterres’ planned meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Tuesday. Igor Zhovkva, deputy head of the officer of Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, told NBC in an interview that Guterres is “not really” authorized to speak on behalf of the Ukrainian government. Quint Forget reports for POLITICO.\n\nRUSSIA, UKRAINE – OTHER DEVELOPMENTS\n\nRussia has proposed the forced donation of blood by captured Ukrainian soldiers, according to Ukrainian ombudsperson for Human Rights, Lyudmila Denisova. “This fact testifies to the analogy of the atrocities of the Nazis in the concentration camps during the Second World War,” she said in a post on Facebook. Aaron Reich reports for the Jerusalem Post.\n\nGreenpeace activists have sought to block a tanker from delivering Russian oil to Norway, chaining themselves to the vessel in a protest against the war in Ukraine. As of this morning, the Ust Luga product tanker is anchored outside Exxon Mobil’s Slagen oil terminal some 43 miles south of the capital Oslo, according to the vessel tracker Marine Traffic. “Oil is not only at the root of the climate crisis but also of wars and conflicts. I am shocked that Norway operates as a free port for Russian oil, which we know finances Putin’s warfare,” Greenpeace Norway head Frode Pleym said. Reuters reports.\n\nUkraine’s postal service has said it was targeted by a cyberattack on Friday following to sale of stamps portraying a Ukrainian soldier making a crude gesture to a Russian warship. Reuters reports.\n\nUkraine has asked the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) for a list of equipment that is necessary for the reliable and safe operation of its nuclear facilities during the war. The list specifically mentions radiation measuring instruments, shielding materials, electrical power systems and diesel generators. The IAEA reports.\n\nOTHER U.S. RELATIONS\n\nFBI Director Christopher Wray said yesterday that the current scale of espionage and cybersecurity threats from China were “unprecedented in history.” He noted that China’s hacking program is larger “than that of every other major nation combined,” adding that China’s targets span nearly every sector of the economy. Monique Balls reports for The Hill.\n\nThe Chinese government is not only mistreating Uyghurs within China’s borders, it is hunting them down abroad with help from countries like Saudi Arabia, Egypt and the United Arab Emirates, according to a new report by the Woodrow Wilson Center’s Kissinger Institute on China and the U.S.. More than 5,500 Uyghurs outside of China have been targeted by Beijing, hit with cyberattacks and threats to family members who remain in China, and more than 1,500 Uyghurs have been detained or forced to return to China to face imprisonment and torture in police custody, according to the report. Anna Schecter reports for NBC News.\n\nPresident Biden yesterday issued a statement memorializing the Armenian genocide. “Let us redouble our efforts toward healing and building the better, more peaceful world that we wish for our children … A world where human rights are respected, where the evils of bigotry and intolerance do not mark our daily lives, and where people everywhere are free to pursue their lives in dignity and security,” the statement said. David Cohen reports for POLITICO.\n\nOTHER GLOBAL DEVELOPMENTS\n\nEmmanuel Macron won a second term as president of France yesterday, triumphing over his far-right challenger, Marine Le Pen. Projections at the close of voting, which are generally reliable, showed Macron gaining 58.5 per cent of the vote to Le Pen’s 41.5 per cent. His victory was much narrower than in 2017 when the margin was 66.1 per cent to 33.9 per cent for Le Pen. Roger Cohen reports for the New York Times.\n\nPreliminary results for Slovenia’s parliamentary elections show that right-wing Prime Minister Janez Jansa has lost to centrist rivals. With 95 per cent of the vote counted, results indicated that Jansa’s Slovenian Democratic Party had won around 24 per cent of the vote. That is far behind the 34 per cent of its main rival, the centrist Freedom Movement, meaning that Jansa is highly unlikely to keep his post as prime minister. Andrew Higgins reports for the New York Times.\n\nIsrael yesterday closed its civilian border crossing with the Gaza Strip, preventing thousands of Gazans from getting to work in Israel, in an effort to pressure Gaza’s ruler Hamas to halt rocket attacks against southern Israel. The closure comes after Palestinian militants fired two rockets at Israel Friday night and one on Saturday morning. Dov Lieber reports for the Wall Street Journal.\n\nHundreds of Arab militia fighters, attacked a village in Sudan’s western Darfur region yesterday, torching homes and shops and killing at least 150 people, according to aid groups and U.N. officials. The violence, which later spread to a nearby town, was the latest in a series of clashes involving Arab and ethnic African groups in Darfur in recent months. Declan Walsh reports for the New York Times.\n\nBritish man, Luke Symons, who was held captive in Yemen without charge or trial for five years has been released from jail. U.K. foreign secretary, Liz Truss, confirmed yesterday that Symons “would shortly be reunited with his family.” She thanked Omani and Saudi negotiators as well as U.K. Foreign Office staff as he was released alongside 13 other foreign nationals in Yemen. Joe Middleton reports for the Guardian.\n\nThree policemen were killed in central Nigeria’s Kogi state on Saturday after gunmen stormed a police station in an attack claimed by Islamic State. The attack came a day after explosives planted at a bar in northeast Nigeria injured 11 people. Anna MacSwan reports for the Guardian.\n\nHealth authorities in the Democratic Republic and Congo have declared a new outbreak of Ebola, the Work Health organisation reported yesterday. So far, just one case has been confirmed and investigations to determine the source of the outbreak are ongoing. U.N. News Centre reports.\n\nSaudi princes have sold more than $600 million worth of real estate, yachts and artwork in the U.S. and Europe since the kingdom’s de facto ruler Prince Mohammed bin Salman tightened the purse strings of the ultrawealthy ruling family. The transactions represent a radical change of fortune for senior princes who funnelled windfalls from oil booms in the 1970s and 1980s into some of the world’s most exclusive markets. “They’ve clearly been cut down to a disciplined, defined regimen and are having to live on that,” said British historian Robert Lacey, who has chronicled the Saudi ruling family since the 1980s. Prince Mohammed is “here for the long term and he’s reshaping things in a long-term fashion.” Stephen Kalin reports for the Wall Street Journal.\n\nJAN. 6, 2021 ATTACK\n\nRep. Marjorie Taylor Greene (R-GA) was confronted in court on Friday over past social media posts advocating violence against Democrats. At the hearing in Atlanta, to determine if Greene is constitutionally barred from running for reelection because of her alleged role in the Jan. 6 attack, the congressperson repeatedly said she couldn’t remember past comments or interactions. Andrew Kaczynski and Em Steck report for CNN.\n\nOTHER DOMESTIC DEVELOPMENTS\n\nTwitter Inc. is in discussions to sell itself to Elon Musk and could finalize a deal as soon as this week. The two sides met Sunday to discuss Musk’s proposal and were making progress, according to sources familiar with the matter. However, there is no guarantee they will reach a deal. Cara Lombardo and Dana Cimilluca report for the Wall Street Journal.\n\nA U.S. Air Force general officer has been found guilty of abusive sexual contact, in the first-ever court-martial trial and conviction of a general officer in the history of the military branch. Maj. Gen. William T. Cooley was found guilty on one of three specifications of sexual assault connected to a 2018 incident in New Mexico, the Air Force said in a statement. Aaron Pellish reports for CNN.\n\nThe Supreme Court will hear arguments today in the case of Joseph Kennedy – a Washington state high school football coach who lost his job after he refused to stop praying on the field immediately after games. “There is good reason to think that its newly expanded conservative majority will not only rule in Kennedy’s favor but also make a major statement about the role religion may play in public life,” Adam Liptak reports for the New York Times.\n\nThis morning a judge will consider whether to hold former President Trump in contempt for violating a court order that he comply with a subpoena regarding a civil investigation into his business practices. New York Attorney General Letitia James (D) is asking a state court judge to fine Trump $10,000 for each day that he has failed to turn over documents relevant to the subpoena. Harper Neidig reports for The Hill.\n\nFBI Director Christopher Wray yesterday highlighted an increase in violence against police officers last year, including a jump in police murders. “Violence against law enforcement in this country is one of the biggest phenomena that I think doesn’t get enough attention,” Wray said in an interview, adding that in 2021, “officers were being killed at a rate of almost one every five days.” Monique Beals reports for The Hill.\n\nA Colorado man who set himself on fire in front of the Supreme Court on Friday in an apparent Earth Day protest against climate change has died. The Metropolitan Police Department of Washington, D.C., said that Wynn Bruce, 50, of Boulder, Colo., died on Saturday from his injuries after being airlifted to a hospital following the incident. Chris Cameron reports for the New York Times.\n\nCOVID-19\n\nCOVID-19 has infected over 80.98 million people and has now killed over 991.254 people in the United States, according to data compiled by Johns Hopkins University. Globally, there have been over 507.56 million confirmed coronavirus cases and over 6.21 million deaths. Sergio Hernandez, Sean O’Key, Amanda Watts, Byron Manley and Henrik Pettersson report for CNN.\n\nA map and analysis of the vaccine roll out across the U.S. is available at the New York Times.\n\nA map and analysis of all confirmed cases of the virus in the U.S. is available at the New York Times.\n\nU.S. and worldwide maps tracking the spread of the pandemic are available at the Washington Post.\n\nA state-by-state guide to lockdown measures and reopenings is provided by the New York Times.', 'image': 'https://www.justsecurity.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/GettyImages-73086221-1-e1512768873185.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:03'}
{'title': 'UK support for attacks on Russian soil triggers response', 'keywords': ['triggers', 'response', 'kiev', 'support', 'ukrainian', 'weapons', 'russia', 'soil', 'forces', 'warned', 'attacks', 'military', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0205, 'subjectivity': 0.2352, 'link': 'https://www.rt.com/russia/554557-uk-ukraine-strike-warning/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=rss&utm_campaign=RSS', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:16', 'summary': 'Any attempts to do so would invoke an immediate response, the ministry warned in a statement on Tuesday.\nAs we have warned, the Russian armed forces are on standby around the clock to retaliate with long-range high-precision weapons against decision-making centers in Kiev,” the military warned.\nThe UK has been among the top arms suppliers of Kiev, pouring thousands of anti-tank missiles into the country ahead of the large-scale Russian military operation that kicked off in late February.\n“These weapons will be a legitimate target for the Russian Armed Forces,” Lavrov stated.\nKiev insists the Russian offensive was completely unprovoked and has denied claims it was planning to retake the two republics by force.', 'channel': 'rt.com', 'text': 'Any attempts to do so would invoke an immediate “proportional” response, Moscow has warned\n\nThe Russian Ministry of Defense has accused London of a “direct provocation” after British Armed Forces Minister James Heappey encouraged Ukrainian forces to use UK-supplied weapons to attack targets inside Russia. Any attempts to do so would invoke an immediate response, the ministry warned in a statement on Tuesday.\n\n“We want to emphasize that London’s direct provocation of the Kiev regime to such actions, should they attempt to do so, will immediately lead to our proportional response. As we have warned, the Russian armed forces are on standby around the clock to retaliate with long-range high-precision weapons against decision-making centers in Kiev,” the military warned.\n\nThe ministry went on to say that “advisers from one of the Western nations” located in these centers “won’t necessarily be a problem” in Russia’s decision-making regarding retaliatory measures.\n\nEarlier in the day, Heappey said Kiev can use UK-supplied weapons to launch attacks on Russian territory, dismissing fears that this would lead to an international escalation.\n\n“It is completely legitimate for Ukraine to be targeting in Russia’s depth in order to disrupt the logistics that if they weren’t disrupted would directly contribute to death and carnage on Ukrainian soil,” Heappey told Times Radio.\n\nThe UK has been among the top arms suppliers of Kiev, pouring thousands of anti-tank missiles into the country ahead of the large-scale Russian military operation that kicked off in late February. Prime Minister Boris Johnson recently announced an additional £100 million ($130 million) package of heavy weaponry for Kiev, which includes anti-aircraft weapons, drones, and various armored vehicles.\n\nMoscow has warned the West against ramping up weapon supplies, with Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov stating that the conflict has effectively turned into a “proxy war” waged by NATO against Russia. The country’s military has repeatedly targeted depots where these supplies are amassed and will continue doing so, he said.\n\n“These weapons will be a legitimate target for the Russian Armed Forces,” Lavrov stated. “Warehouses, including in the west of Ukraine, have become such a target more than once. How else? NATO is essentially going to war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy. War means war.”\n\nRussia attacked the neighboring state following Ukraine’s failure to implement the terms of the Minsk agreements, signed in 2014, and Moscow’s eventual recognition of the Donbass republics of Donetsk and Lugansk. The German and French brokered Minsk Protocol was designed to give the breakaway regions special status within the Ukrainian state.\n\nThe Kremlin has since demanded that Ukraine officially declare itself a neutral country that will never join the US-led NATO military bloc. Kiev insists the Russian offensive was completely unprovoked and has denied claims it was planning to retake the two republics by force.', 'image': 'https://cdni.russiatoday.com/files/2022.04/article/62681170203027416e4d8b50.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:16'}
{'title': "Russia's March from Hybrid War to Genocide", 'keywords': ['russias', 'siege', 'army', 'international', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'territory', 'genocide', 'military', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0462, 'subjectivity': 0.2356, 'link': 'https://www.thecipherbrief.com/column_article/russias-march-from-hybrid-war-to-genocide', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:03', 'summary': 'The success of the ”conquest of Crimea” operation encouraged President Putin to launch in 2014-2015 a second hybrid war against Ukraine in the Donbass region of eastern Ukraine.\nAfter the hybrid war between 2014 and February 2022, Russia now favors the pursuit of a frontal conventional war.\nBy targeting civilians, the Russian army is violating the “jus in bello” (the law of war).\nAfter six weeks of fighting, the Russian army has suffered devastating losses estimated between 10,000 and 12,000 soldiers.\nThe ongoing war in Ukraine is, strictly speaking, a war of stalemate and extermination.', 'channel': 'thecipherbrief.com', 'text': 'Alternative Perspectives\n\nOPINION — Since 2014, Russia has waged three persistent and multifaceted wars of conquest against Ukraine. The unstated strategic goal of these successive wars is Russia’s premeditated and determined fragmentation of Ukrainian national territory.\n\nThe first Russian-Ukrainian war led to the territorial conquest of the Crimean Peninsula in 2014, and its annexation to the Russian Federation. The means used by Russia to appropriate this Ukrainian territory were then unconventional, that is, from the military point of view, without recourse to regular troops of the Russian army. Analysts and strategists have described this war as hybrid and multiform. This type of warfare combines special military operations, cyber elements and informational toxication, i.e. a disinformation campaign orchestrated by a state, in this case, Russia.\n\nThe Russian special forces (spetsnez in Russian) were deployed in Crimea in uniforms without badges, in order to hide their identity and that of the sponsoring state. For this reason, the journalists present in Crimea nicknamed them, “the little green men” due to the olive-green color of their fatigues. This nickname, most often associated with extraterrestrials in contemporary popular television culture (notably the X-files), also emphasized their presumed alien character.\n\nThe success of the ”conquest of Crimea” operation encouraged President Putin to launch in 2014-2015 a second hybrid war against Ukraine in the Donbass region of eastern Ukraine. The objective of this war was to amputate a new piece of Ukrainian territory in order to further dismember the country by political and military destabilization. Russian special forces, this time dressed as civilians, hid among the pro-Russian Ukrainian fighters in the region.\n\nToday’s constant barrage of information makes it easy for countries to wage disinformation campaigns and your emotions are the weapon of choice. Learn how disinformation works and how we can fight it in this short video. This is one link you can feel good about sharing.\n\nThe hybrid war in Donbass was undoubtedly a military success for Putin. The institutions of the Ukrainian state were promptly expelled from the territory taken by the pro-Russian Ukrainian rebels. The next day, the Luhansk and Donetsk People’s Republics were proclaimed by the irredentist insurgents, supported, armed and recognized by Russia. The Donbass war lasted eight years, until February 24, 2022. The human losses from this conflict were estimated between 13,000 and 14,000 dead (soldiers and civilians combined).\n\nThe third war in Ukraine began on February 24, 2022, with a massive invasion of the Russian army from the territories of Russia and Belarus. On this occasion, Russia mobilized 190,000 soldiers to conquer and occupy the entire Ukrainian territory. To justify his entry into war against Ukraine, Putin offered, “the ongoing genocide against the Russian-speaking community of Donbass perpetrated by the Nazi government of Ukraine”. This is a baseless assertion, as no evidence was ever submitted by Russia to the UN International Court of Justice to validate this accusation. On the contrary, the Court ordered Russia to suspend its invasion of Ukraine on March 16, 2022; the order, however, remained a dead letter, deliberately ignored by President Putin.\n\nThe frontal and all-out war against Ukraine was also deliberately misleading, designated by Putin as a “special military operation”. Qualifying the ongoing war in such a way pursues the goal of hiding Russia’s real intentions from the Russian people and the international community.\n\nAfter the hybrid war between 2014 and February 2022, Russia now favors the pursuit of a frontal conventional war. Why? Strategically speaking, such a change corresponds to new Russian goals for the war. This time Russia is no longer satisfied with just taking another piece of Ukrainian territory, but rather wants to occupy and dominate the whole country. The “blitzkrieg”, launched simultaneously on several fronts by the Russian army, aims at the annihilation of the Ukrainian armed forces and the rapid capture of major cities, including the capital, Kiev. Such a massive and all-out attack clearly underlines a desire by the Russians to eliminate both the Ukrainian government and President Volodymyr Zelensky.\n\nAfter two months of fierce fighting however, it appears that the conquest of the whole Ukrainian territory is still out of reach for the Russian army. Unable to inflict decisive losses on the Ukrainian army, the Russian military is massively and indiscriminately bombing Ukrainian cities and causing an exodus of civilians, unseen in Europe since the Second World War. The war against Ukraine has forced 5 million Ukrainians to flee their country and another 6 million to become internal refugees.\n\nBy targeting civilians, the Russian army is violating the “jus in bello” (the law of war). In fact, the violence against civilians and cities in Ukraine has alerted UN institutions, in particular the General Assembly and the International Criminal Court (ICC). At the UN General Assembly session held on March 2, 2022, 141 member states condemned the Russian aggression against Ukraine; 35 abstained and only 5 supported Russia. Among the five states in favor were Russia and Belarus. Note here, that the UN currently has 193 member states.\n\nThe International Criminal Court (ICC) opened an investigation on March 2, 2022, into war crimes and crimes against humanity that may have been committed in Ukraine since 2013. This request was made to the Court by 39 of its 123 member states.\n\nAt a more strategic level, the element that is proving to be a determining factor in the present conflict is the surprising capacity of the Ukrainian military-civilian army to resist the ongoing Russian invasion. The Ukrainian army, by launching counter-offensives on several fronts, has forced the Russian occupiers to change their preferred form of warfare and strategic objectives. After six weeks of fighting, the Russian army has suffered devastating losses estimated between 10,000 and 12,000 soldiers. These are higher losses than those suffered by the Soviet army in Afghanistan during ten years of fighting (1979-1989).\n\nAfter two months of combat, the Blitzkrieg initially practiced by the Russian army, has turned into siege warfare, which has entailed great suffering for the civilians in Ukraine’s larger cities. This form of warfare was also undertaken in the past by the Russian army in Chechnya (the siege of the capital, Grozny) and in Syria (the siege of Aleppo). Serbia, a Russian ally in the Balkans, also practiced this type of siege warfare against Bosnia and Croatia during the disintegration of Yugoslavia (1991-1995). The siege of Kharkiv bears similarities to that of Sarajevo in Bosnia and the siege of Mariupol to that of Vukovar in Croatia.\n\nAccording to the latest reports, the Ukrainian defense of Mariupol seems on the verge of collapse despite defying a Russian ultimatum to surrender at the end of Easter weekend. This concerning development takes place after the humiliating, and highly symbolic, sinking of the Russian flagship of the Black Sea Fleet, thanks to what appears to have been a successful Ukrainian missile attack. In response, Russia’s military declared it’s clear intention to intensify strikes on the capital, Kyiv. The siege of Mariupol has been compared by Ukrainian and US officials to the siege of Leningrad during World War II.\n\nSome of those responsible for the sieges of cities in Croatia and Bosnia were sentenced by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY). The case of the former president of Serbia, Slobodan Milosevic, who was accused by the ICTY of genocide and war crimes, is worth mentioning. He died in a cell before the end of his trial. On these grounds, it is to be hoped that the war criminals who are currently bombing Ukrainian cities and humanitarian corridors will end up before international justice.\n\nThe ongoing war in Ukraine is, strictly speaking, a war of stalemate and extermination. Once again, the Yugoslav example is revealing in the context of the present situation.\n\nOn one hand, the war in ex-Yugoslavia lasted from 1991 to 2000. On the other hand, the recent massacres in Bucha, near Kiev, during the withdrawal of Russian forces, are the most morbid proof of the will of Putin’s regime to enact extermination. They are blatantly reminiscent of the criminal ethnic cleansing of the war in Bosnia-Herzegovina (1992-1995).\n\nFrance, Germany, Spain, Sweden, Italy and Denmark have announced the expulsion of dozens of Russian diplomats in response to alleged war crimes committed by the Russian army in Ukraine. Reciprocation should follow shortly on the Russian side. This type of war presages a long-lasting conflict.\n\nTo accelerate and find a lasting diplomatic solution in Ukraine, it is essential to help the Ukrainian army. At present, the United States, Great Britain and Canada are the most committed to arming Ukraine. It is also time for the members of the European Union to do more.\n\nIt is only the change in the balance of power on the battlefield that will force Russia to negotiate in good faith and bring peace to Ukraine.\n\nAfter approximately two months of fighting, the repositioning and concentrating of the Russian armed forces in southeastern Ukraine, suggests that the Ukrainian state will eventually be divided into two distinct political units: eastern Ukraine, controlled entirely by Russia, and western Ukraine, controlled by the current government under President Zelensky.\n\nThis scenario is similar to the division of Korea at the end of the Korean War (1950-1953) into South and North Korea. The international community must mobilize more substantially to prevent this catastrophic scenario for the sovereignty, territorial integrity and security of Ukraine and, more broadly, that of Central and Eastern Europe.\n\nThe opinions expressed here are those of the authors alone and do not reflect the official policies or positions of Public Safety Canada or any of its components, or any other part of the Canadian government.\n\nSharing informed opinions is important. Opinion pieces represent the diverse views of The Cipher Brief audience and do not represent views of The Cipher Brief.', 'image': 'https://www.thecipherbrief.com/wp-content/themes/cipher/favicon/apple-touch-icon.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:03'}
{'title': 'Russia announces expulsion of 40 German diplomats in tit-for-tat move - as it happened', 'keywords': ['russias', 'ministry', 'titfortat', 'president', 'announces', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'russian', 'oil', 'defense', 'military', 'diplomats'], 'polarity': 0.0109, 'subjectivity': 0.236, 'link': 'https://www.dw.com/en/russia-announces-expulsion-of-40-german-diplomats-in-tit-for-tat-move-as-it-happened/a-61577651?maca=en-rss-en-eu-2092-rdf', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:42', 'summary': 'Watch video 02:42 Russia expels German diplomats: Leonie von Hammerstein reportsRussia declares 40 German diplomats \'persona non grata\'Russia\'s Foreign Ministry says it has declared 40 employees of German diplomatic institutions in Russia "persona non grata."\nOn April 21, Russian President Vladimir Putin said that he cancelled plans to storm the Azovstal plant in Mariupol.\nWhen freedom is defended in one country, it is defended all over the world," said the Ukrainian president.\nBlinken said that Russia\'s military was underperforming and its economy was "in shambles" due to sanctions and a mass "exodus" from the country.\nEU considering \'smart sanctions\' against Russian oilThe European Union is preparing "smart sanctions" against Russian oil imports, the UK newspaper The Times reported.', 'channel': 'dw.com', 'text': 'Russia declares 40 German diplomatic mission staff \'persona non grata\'\n\nBlinken, Austin announce aid, diplomatic surge in visit to Kyiv\n\nFinland and Sweden reportedly to submit NATO applications jointly in mid-May\n\nMissiles reportedly hit five train stations in central and western Ukraine\n\nRussia announces ceasefire at Mariupol steel plant, Ukraine says no agreement made\n\nThese live updates are now closed. For our latest from April 26, click here\n\nMariupol authorities say new mass grave found\n\nVadym Boychenko, the mayor of the besieged city of Mariupol, said a new mass grave had been identified 10 kilometers (6 miles) north of the city.\n\nSeveral victims were located there, though authorities are trying to identify how many victims are in the unmarked graves.\n\nOver the past several days, satellite photos have shown what appear to be images of mass graves on the outskirts of the city.\n\nMariupol has been under siege for two months, with 100,000 civilians remaining trapped in the city. The remaining Ukrainian forces in the city are holding out in a sprawling steel factory. Ukrainian officials have been trying for weeks to secure the safe evacuation of civilians.\n\nShould Russian forces succeed in completely capturing Mariupol, they will have a land corridor to Crimea, which Russia seized in 2014.\n\nWatch video 04:24 Photos suggest mass graves outside Mariupol: DW\'s Mathias Bölinger\n\nRussian foreign minister warns \'real\' danger of third world war developing\n\nRussian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov told state television that NATO weapons deliveries mean that the alliance is "in essence" engaged in war with Russia through a proxy, adding that Western arms deliveries in Ukraine would be "legitimate targets" for Russian forces.\n\n"Storage facilities in western Ukraine have been targeted more than once [by Russian forces]. How can it be otherwise?" Lavrov said. "NATO, in essence, is engaged in a war with Russia through a proxy and is arming that proxy. War means war," he added.\n\nIn another interview late Monday, Lavrov vowed peace talks with Ukraine would continue even as he warned of a "real" danger of the conflict in Ukraine escalating into a third world war.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, you can\'t underestimate it," Lavrov told the Interfax news agency.\n\nThe foreign minister also told Russian state television that Moscow wants to reduce the chance of "artificially" elevating the risks of a nuclear conflict.\n\n"This is our key position on which we base everything. The risks now are considerable," Lavrov said.\n\nWhen asked if the current situation in Ukraine was comparable to the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962, Lavrov said that "back then there were actually only a few rules, written rules."\n\nHowever, Lavrov said that during that time, there were "clear rules of conduct" and a channel of communication between the leaders of the US and Soviet Union that doesn\'t exist today.\n\nThe foreign minister also criticized Ukraine\'s approach to negotiations following Russia\'s invasion of the country on February 24. Lavrov accused Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky of "pretending" to negotiate.\n\nHe told Russian news agencies the content of peace talks would depend on the military situation and added, "Good will has its limits. But if it isn\'t reciprocal, that doesn\'t help the negotiation process."\n\n"We are continuing to engage in negotiations with the team delegated by Zelenskyy, and these contacts will go on," Lavrov said.\n\nUK defense minister promises armored vehicles with missile launchers\n\nUK Defense Minister Ben Wallace said the British government believes Russia has lost approximately 15,000 soldiers since Russian forces invaded Ukraine February 24. By contrast, Ukraine has claimed 22,000 Russian troops were killed since the invasion.\n\nRussia has acknowledged only 1,351 military deaths.\n\nAdditionally, Wallace said the UK believes Russia lost 60 jets and helicopters, 2,000 armored vehicles and 530 tanks, saying they were either destroyed or captured, some by Ukrainian tractors.\n\nUkraine has stated Russian losses of materiel at 181 fighter jets and 154 helicopters, 2,258 military vehicles and 884 tanks.\n\nWallace added Russia deployed 120 tactical battalion groups during the invasion of Ukraine, amounting to 65% of Russia\'s total infantry units. Wallace said at least 25% of Russia\'s ground forces are no longer combat ready.\n\nThe UK defense secretary said his country would soon send "a small number" of Stormer armored vehicles equipped with missile launchers.\n\nWatch video 03:55 Security expert: \'Sending arms is neither illegal nor unusual\'\n\nEuropean Commission President addresses Russia on India visit\n\nEuropean Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said in New Delhi that Russian aggression in Ukraine is a direct threat to European security.\n\nSpeaking at a geopolitical conference, von der Leyen said that Russia was: "Targeting and killing innocent civilians. Redrawing borders by force. Subjugating the will of a free people. This goes against core principles enshrined in the U.N. Charter."\n\nShe added that Russia\'s "unprovoked and unjustified aggression against Ukraine" would be a "strategic failure." She said the EU was "doing all we can to help Ukraine fight for its freedom."\n\nGermany wants to secure the grain supply from Ukraine by rail\n\nThe German government wants to use rail transport to arrange alternative means of exporting grain from Ukraine.\n\n"I am committed to ensuring that the 20 million tons of grain can be transported to avert a global food catastrophe," Michael Theurer, a Bundestag member with a role at the Transport Ministry, told the German business daily Handelsblatt.\n\nAccording to Theurer, talks were being held with the Ukrainian railways and other European railways — with Deutsche Bahn also set to play a role. Owing to the blockade of Ukrainian ports, it is not currently possible to export Ukrainian grain by sea.\n\nBoth Russia and Ukraine are among the most prolific exporters of wheat on the planet.\n\nOn April 23, Ukraine and Poland announced that they would create a joint logistics company to increase the volume of rail transportation of Ukrainian goods to the EU and world markets via Europe.\n\nRussia says Trans-Dniester hit with explosions\n\nRussian state-run media outlets are reporting explosions near a government building in the Trans-Dniester region of Moldova, where Russia backs its proxy forces who call themselves separatists.\n\nTrans-Dniester, also referred to as Transnistria in English, is a narrow strip of land on the east bank of the Dniester River, sandwiched between Ukraine and Moldova. The breakaway region seceded from Moldova after a brief military conflict in 1992 following the break up of the former Soviet Union.\n\nEarlier, Putin accused the West of "terror" while urging prosecutors to be tough after Russia accused "neo-Nazis" from Ukraine of attempting to assassinate numerous Russian state media personalities and bosses including presenter Vladimir Solovyev and state media head Margarita Simonyan.\n\nSweden and Finland agree to submit NATO applications\n\nFinnish newspaper Italehti reports Finland and Sweden have agreed to submit NATO applications at the same time during the week of May 16.\n\nSwedish paper Expressen writes that its sources confirm there is an agreement between the two countries.\n\nFinnish President Sauli Niinisto is scheduled to arrive in Stockholm in the middle of that week.\n\nBerlin says Russia\'s expulsion of diplomats \'not justified\'\n\nGermany Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock has condemned Russia\'s announcement that it will expel 40 German diplomatic staff.\n\nThe move by Moscow was said to by a symmetrical response to Germany\'s expulsion of the same number of staff from Russian diplomatic missions earlier this month.\n\nHowever, Baerbock said the Russian staff expelled from Germany had been spies, rather than diplomats.\n\n"We expected today\'s step, but it is in no way justified," Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock said in a statement.\n\nBaerbock said that the 40 Russian diplomats expelled by Berlin "did not serve diplomacy for a single day" while those who were expelled by Russia had "not done anything wrong."\n\nWatch video 02:42 Russia expels German diplomats: Leonie von Hammerstein reports\n\nRussia declares 40 German diplomats \'persona non grata\'\n\nRussia\'s Foreign Ministry says it has declared 40 employees of German diplomatic institutions in Russia "persona non grata."\n\nIn a statement, the ministry said it had summoned Germany\'s ambassador in Moscow and handed him a note. The ministry said it was "a symmetrical response" to the German government\'s decision to expel 40 Russian diplomats from Germany on April 4.\n\nMoscow\'s letter of protest said statements made at the time by Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock were unacceptable.\n\nBaerbock had spoken of "a significant number of members of the Russian embassy, undesirables who have worked every day here in Germany against our freedom, against the cohesion of our society."\n\nThe Russian Foreign Ministry said it also objected to "insinuations" Baerbock had made about events unfolding in Ukraine.\n\nAn assessment by the German news agency DPA said the number corresponded to about one-third of the German diplomatic corps in Russia.\n\nThe RIA news agency also reported that Russia\'s foreign ministry has said that unfriendly actions against Russians will not go unanswered. It cited the ministry as saying Moscow could seize assets held in Russia as a response.\n\nGreenpeace activists chained their boat to Russian tanker in Norway\n\nGreenpeace activists in Norway have chained their boat to a Russian oil tanker in protest oil imports from Russia.\n\nThe aim was to prevent the shipping of thousands of tons of oil to Norwegian ports, Greenpeace Norway said on its website.\n\nThe four activists, who held up banners with "Stop fuelling the war" and "Oil fuels war" from three small boats and kayaks, called on the Norwegian government to halt the import of Russian fossil fuels.\n\n"I\'m shocked that Norway is operating as a free port for Russian oil, when we know it is financing Russian President Vladimir Putin\'s war," Frode Pleym, Greenpeace\'s head in Norway, said.\n\nPleym is among the activists who chained their boat to the Russian tanker\'s anchor chain off the Oslofjord terminal.\n\nNorwegian police later said they had arrested 20 Greenpeace and Extinction Rebellion activists who blocked the Russian tanker.\n\nGreenpeace members, who had their boat chained to a Russian tanker, held the banners "Stop fuelling the war" and "Oil fuels war"\n\nEstonian PM urges Germany to act now, not later\n\nEstonian Prime Minister Kaja Kallas has told DW that her country expects Germany to show strong leadership and deter Russian aggression.\n\nThe comments come with the German government facing criticism over its reluctance to ban Russian oil and send heavy weapons such as tanks to Ukraine.\n\n"Our neighbors\' problems today are our problems tomorrow," said Kallas. "If we don\'t help our neighbors when their house is on fire, the fire will also catch your house."\n\nWatch video 02:33 Estonian PM Kaja Kallas: \'Our neighbor\'s problems today are our problems tomorrow\'\n\nKallas welcomed Germany\'s commitment to NATO\'s Article 5 on collective defense. However, she said tough decisions now could reduce the likelihood of an attack against the alliance further down the line.\n\n"Germany has said Article 5 is ironclad and Germany will come to help if necessary, but then it is also important for everybody, including Germany, to make those decisions so that we make NATO stronger — and there will be no need to come to any help at all."\n\n"Of course, gas or oil could be expensive, but freedom is really priceless," Kallas said, adding: "Strong sanctions, hitting hard, would be something that would maybe end this war."\n\nNo agreement with Russia on Mariupol corridor — Ukrainian deputy PM\n\nUkrainian Deputy Prime Minister Iryna Vereshchuk said that Kyiv had not reached any agreement with Moscow on establishing a humanitarian corridor out of the southeastern city of Mariupol.\n\nRussia said it would open a humanitarian corridor for civilians to leave the Azovstal steel plant in Mariupol.\n\n"It is important to understand that a humanitarian corridor opens by the agreement of both sides," Vereshchuk said on Telegram. "A corridor announced unilaterally does not provide security, and therefore is not a humanitarian corridor."\n\nHead of Ukrainian Railways: We keep running operations\n\nIn an interview with DW, Oleksandr Kamyshin, the chairman of the state-run Ukrainian Railways, said that five railway facilities in central and western Ukraine were significantly damaged on Monday after the numerous rocket strikes.\n\n"Today in the morning, the Russians shelled five stations. Some stations were shot twice. Some stations were shelled once and some missiles were blocked by Ukraine’s air defense system," he told DW.\n\nThe Russian troops "shelled stations, bridges, tracks and railway stations hundreds of times. And meanwhile, we suffer much. But we keep running operations," Kamyshin said.\n\nWatch video 04:43 Ukraine\'s rail chief: \'We suffer much, but we keep running operations\'\n\nAccording to Kamyshin, the railway maintains the "lifeline of the country," because the air space above Ukraine cannot be used because of the war. "We don\'t have airplanes. We have only cars and trains now," he said.\n\nThe still-operational rail links in the country have also come into political focus in recent weeks, with various foreign leaders using the trains to visit Kyiv and other parts of Ukraine.\n\n"All Western leaders who arrived to Ukraine, arrived by train. […] We call it Iron Diplomacy, and we will keep bringing more people to Kyiv. For us, it\'s important to give the opportunity to those leaders who want to show their support of Ukraine by visiting Kyiv, to travel to Kyiv safe, and travel back safe," Kamyshin said.\n\nWatch video 02:41 Courageous rail workers keep Ukraine running amid war\n\nBiden names new US ambassador to Ukraine\n\nPresident Joe Biden has named Bridget Brink as the new US ambassador to Ukraine, the White House said in a statement.\n\nBridget Brink currently represents the United States in Slovakia.\n\nBrink\'s nomination must be confirmed by the US Senate.\n\nEarlier on Monday, Secretary of State Antony Blinken said that US diplomats would begin to return to Ukraine starting next week.\n\nWatch video 02:08 US pledges more arms funding for Ukraine\n\nNo southern Ukraine secession referendum plans — Russian Foreign Ministry\n\nRussia\'s foreign ministry has denied claims that Moscow is planning a referendum on the secession of the southern Ukrainian region of Kherson.\n\n"I have not heard anything about that," deputy Foreign Minister Andrei Rudenko told journalists.\n\nRudenko also said that a face-to-face meeting between the Russian and Ukrainian foreign ministers was not planned at present. Moscow has accused Kyiv of dragging out negotiations and claims to have handed over proposals to Ukraine last week, which Kyiv has denied.\n\nUkrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on Friday accused Moscow of planning to "falsify" a referendum in parts of Ukraine\'s south that are under Russian control after Russia\'s Central Military District (CFD) command said that Moscow was planning to seize the region.\n\nWatch video 05:00 Demonstrations against Russian referendum plan in Kherson\n\n\'Right now I\'m talking to you from a bunker\' says DW correspondent\n\nDW correspondent Emmanuelle Chaze said that half of the $700 million in military assistance announced by the US will go directly to Kyiv, and half will go to NATO allies that have been supporting Ukraine.\n\nWatch video 03:21 Airstrikes near Lviv: DW\'s Jan-Philipp Scholz reports\n\nSpeaking from the western city of Liviv, Chaze added that $165 million worth of ammunition will be delivered to Ukraine.\n\nChaze said that the situation in Mariupol is "dire," adding that Ukrainian soldiers and hundreds of civilians are still trapped in the Azovstal steel plant in the city. She added that there would soon be water shortages in the area.\n\n"Right now, I\'m talking to you from a bunker because most of the country is on air strike alert," Chaze reported.\n\n"The offensive is continuing. Mariupol is still being shelled," Chaze said. "This is the everyday life here in Ukraine."\n\nWatch video 02:34 US pledges arms funding for Ukraine: DW\'s Emmanuelle Chaze reports from Lviv\n\nRussia investigates large oil depot fire in Bryansk region near Ukraine\n\nRussia said on Monday it would investigate the cause of a large fire that erupted in the early hours of the morning at an oil storage facility in the city of Bryansk 154 kilometers (96 miles) northeast of the border with Ukraine.\n\nAccording to Russia\'s Ministry of Emergency Situations, nobody was hurt in the incident.\n\nThe ministry said in a statement that the fire had broken out at a facility owned by oil pipeline company Transneft at 2 a.m. Moscow time (23:00 GMT).\n\nThere was no immediate comment from Ukraine, which has denied or not responded to previous suggestions that it has struck targets inside Russia.\n\nLast month, Russia said two Ukrainian helicopter gunships hit an oil reservoir in Russia\'s Belgorod region that borders Ukraine, causing a fire.\n\nTwo oil storage facilities on fire in the Russian city of Bryansk, just 150 kilometers from the Ukrainian border\n\nRussia announces ceasefire around Azovstal steel plant in Mariupol\n\nRussia\'s Defense Ministry said its troops would "unilaterally cease any hostilities" to allow civilians to leave the besieged steel plant Azovstal in Ukraine\'s port city of Mariupol. The ceasefire is set to begin at 2 p.m. Moscow time (1100 GMT) on Monday.\n\nThe ministry said any civilians trapped at the facility could leave in whichever direction they chose.\n\nOn April 21, Russian President Vladimir Putin said that he cancelled plans to storm the Azovstal plant in Mariupol. He said he wanted the plant to be securely blockaded instead.\n\nHowever, Ukrainian fighters at the Azovstal plant reported heavy shelling and Russian attacks in recent days.\n\nAzovstal is the last remaining pocket of Ukrainian resistance in the key port of Mariupol.\n\nGermany\'s Steinmeier meets Ukrainian Holocaust survivors\n\nGerman President Frank-Walter Steinmeier met with Ukrainian Holocaust survivors in Berlin and said that he hoped that refugees in Germany would feel safe from further attacks.\n\nSteinmeier met the survivors during a visit to a care facility in Berlin\'s eastern neighborhood of Marzahn.\n\nThe six Holocaust survivors told Steinmeier stories of their escape from Ukrainian cities, which in some cases lasted several days. The four women and two men were brought to Germany with the help of Jewish organizations.\n\nAccording to a spokesperson for the president\'s office, around 70 Holocaust survivors from Ukraine who are in need of serious care have so far been admitted in 11 German cities.\n\nGerman President Frank-Walter Steinmeier met with Holocaust survivors in Berlin who fled Russia\'s invasion of Ukraine\n\nRussia \'greeted\' Ukraine on Easter with missile strikes, Zelenskyy said\n\nIn a morning video address, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said Russia "greeted" Ukraine with missiles strikes over the weekend, when Orthodox Easter was celebrated. The majority of population in both Russia and Ukraine are Orthodox Christians.\n\n"Why was this blow needed at Easter? There is no military threat from which this could protect Russia. This is just a deliberate destruction of life in Ukraine. Destruction that did not stop even on the biggest Orthodox holiday," Zelenskyy said.\n\nThe Ukrainian president also spoke about yesterday\'s visit by top US officials. "Assistance to Ukraine was the number one issue in talks with representatives of the United States of America, Secretary of State Anthony Blinken and Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin," Zelenskyy said.\n\n"We share the same understanding with the United States: when democracy wins in one country, it wins all over the world. When freedom is defended in one country, it is defended all over the world," said the Ukrainian president.\n\nIn his address, Zelenskyy also mentioned the morning air raids in the Vinnytsia, Rivne, Lviv and Odesa regions. However, he did not provide any information on the rocket attacks reported at train stations in western Ukraine.\n\nUkraine reports deadly rocket attacks in central Vinnytsia region\n\nTwo towns in Ukraine\'s central Vinnytsia region came under fire on Monday, causing an unspecified number of deaths and injuries, according to local officials.\n\nThe cities of Zhmerynka and Koziatyn were struck by "rocket fire," local governor Serhiy Borzov said on Facebook. The attacks reportedly targeted "critical infrastructure" in the region, he said. Both cities are important railway junctions on the route from Kyiv to western Ukraine.\n\nBorzov also said the strikes caused deaths and injuries, but he did not give any numbers.\n\nRailway stations struck by missiles — Ukrainian railway chief\n\nFive train stations in central and western Ukraine have been hit by missile strikes, according to the head of the country\'s railways, Oleksandr Kamyshin.\n\n"Russian forces are systematically destroying the infrastructure of our railways," Kamyshin said on his Telegram channel.\n\nKamyshin added that trains are being forced to alter routes and schedules for security reasons.\n\nReports of missile attacks also emerged in the western city of Lviv and southwestern city of Vinnytsia.\n\nAccording to Maksym Kozytskyy, the governor of the western Lviv region, an explosion occurred on Monday morning at the traction substation of the Krasne railway station as a result of a missile strike.\n\nOne missile was destroyed by Ukrainian air defense. The missiles flew to western Ukraine from the southeast, Kozytskyy wrote on Twitter.\n\nHe added that the missiles were likely fired from Russian strategic aircraft. He had no information yet about possible victims.\n\nKyiv needs long-range fires and tanks — US Defense Secretary\n\nUS Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin said that the nature of the fight in Ukraine had changed and that Kyiv now needs long-range fires for both artillery and missiles, as well as tanks.\n\nAustin said that he and Blinken had discussed "security assistance" and "training" with Ukrainian officials. He said that the meeting was to talk about things that would "enable us to win the current fight and also build for tomorrow."\n\n"We want to see Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," Austin said.\n\nUS Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin spoke to reporters following a meeting with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy\n\nAustin is scheduled to go to the Ramstein US Air Base in western Germanyon Tuesday to speak with allies on how best to support Ukraine.\n\nThe Secretary of Defense said it is difficult for the US to track what happens to weapons transferred to Ukraine as there are no US forces on the ground, but added that he spoke to Kyiv to make sure weapons were tracked as best as possible.\n\nRussia \'failing\' in its war aims — Blinken\n\nUS Secretary of State Antony Blinken said in a press conference following a meeting with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy that Russia has been "failing" when it came to its war aims in Ukraine, while Kyiv is "succeeding."\n\n"Russia has sought as its principal aim to totally subjugate Ukraine," Blinken said. "That has failed."\n\nBlinken said that Russia\'s military was underperforming and its economy was "in shambles" due to sanctions and a mass "exodus" from the country.\n\nUS Secretary of State Antony Blinken flew to Poland before making a trip to Kyiv to discuss military assistance to Ukraine with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy.\n\n"A sovereign, independent Ukraine will be around a lot longer than Vladimir Putin\'s on the scene," Blinken said, adding that US support for Ukraine will continue until Kyiv sees "final success."\n\nBlinken said that Washington was committed to the return of American diplomats to Ukraine starting next week, and that US President Joe Biden intended to nominate a new ambassador to the country.\n\nAsked about his impression of the situation on the ground, US Secretary of State Antony Blinken said "things are beginning to get back to normal" in Kyiv, but noted that "that\'s in stark contrast to what\'s going on" in southern and eastern Ukraine.\n\nRussia has made minor advances in some areas — UK Defense Ministry\n\nBritain\'s defense ministry said in an intelligence update that Moscow has made minor advances in some areas since shifting its focus to Ukraine\'s eastern Donbas region.\n\nHowever, "Russia has yet to achieve a breakthrough" due to insufficient logistical and combat support, the ministry said.\n\nAccording to the intelligence update, Ukraine\'s defense of Mariupol has exhausted Russian units and reduced their combat effectiveness. The ministry added that the fact that Moscow chose not to attack the Azovstal steelworks means "Russian units remain fixed in the city and cannot be redeployed."\n\nMoscow claimed victory in the long-besieged southeastern Ukrainian city of Mariupol late last week, a claim Ukraine and its Western allies have disputed.\n\nBritish intelligence said that Russia\'s defense ministry has proposed compensation for the families of deceased serviceman be overseen by military rather than civilian officials. Britain\'s defense ministry believes this "reflects a desire to hide the true scale of Russia\'s losses from the domestic population."\n\nWatch video 01:57 Ukraine war: Russia\'s renewed ambitions in the east\n\nRussia increased military spending to $65.9 billion in 2021\n\nWorld military expenditure surpassed the $2 trillion mark (€1.8 trillion) for the first time in 2021, according to a report by the Stockholm International Peace Institute (SIPRI).\n\nThe report released on Monday shows Russia increased its military expenditure to $65.9 billion in 2021 to reach 4.1% of its GDP.\n\nIt was the third consecutive year of growth and Russia\'s military spending. Moscow was the fifth largest spender in the world, behind the United States, China, India and the United Kingdom.\n\nUkraine\'s military spending has risen by 72% since Russia\'s annexation of Crimea in 2014. It spent $5.9 billion, or 3.2% of the country\'s GDP, in 2021.\n\nTotal spending in Europe in 2021 amounted to $418 billion, 3% higher than in 2020 and 19% higher than in 2012. Many European countries have contributed substantial military aid to Ukraine since February 2022, and third-largest spender Germany boosted its military aid budget to €2 billion a little over a week ago.\n\nThe United States saw a drop in expenditure in 2021 due to a drop in American spending on research and development. The US is the largest supplier of military aid to Ukraine, having provided an additional $800 million in mid-April and another $322 million this Sunday.\n\nWatch video 02:24 US approves more military aid to Ukraine\n\nBlinken and Austin announce aid, diplomatic surge\n\nThe United States will provide Ukraine with $322 million in foreign military financing and has approved a $165 million sale of ammunition to the war-ravaged country.\n\nThe announcement came after US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin met Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Kyiv on Sunday.\n\nIt was the highest-level visit by an American delegation since the start of the war.\n\nThe US officials also pledged further assistance worth $713 million in foreign military financing for Ukraine and 15 allied and partner countries, with the $322 million earmarked specifically for Kyiv.\n\nThe new money brings the total amount of US military assistance to Ukraine to $3.7 billion since the invasion, officials said.\n\nThe two returned overland to Poland after their meeting. While Blinken was returning to Washington, Austin would head to Ramstein in Germany, for a meeting Tuesday of NATO defense ministers and other donor countries.\n\nWatch video 03:37 Zelenskyy hopes US Foreign and Defense Ministers bring promises of weapons: DW\'s Rebecca Ritter\n\nFire at Russian oil depot north of Ukrainian border\n\nA large fire was reported at an oil storage facility in the Russian city of Bryansk. The emergency services ministry told Russian news agencies it was a single large fire.\n\nIt was not immediately not clear how the fire started. Bryansk is located about 380 kilometers (236 miles) southwest of Moscow.\n\nThe city is the administrative center of the Bryansk region, which borders Ukraine.\n\nRussian officials on Thursday had said Ukrainian helicopters hit residential buildings and injured seven people in the Bryansk region.\n\nThere was no immediate indication the fire on Monday at the oil storage facility was related to the war in Ukraine.\n\nEU considering \'smart sanctions\' against Russian oil\n\nThe European Union is preparing "smart sanctions" against Russian oil imports, the UK newspaper The Times reported.\n\nQuoting the European Commission\'s executive vice president, Valdis Dombrovskis, the paper reported that the precise details of the oil sanctions had not yet been agreed but could include a gradual phasing-out of Russian oil or imposing tariffs on imports beyond a certain price cap.\n\n"We are working on a sixth sanctions package, and one of the issues we are considering is some form of an oil embargo. When we are imposing sanctions, we need to do so in a way that maximizes pressure on Russia while minimizing collateral damage on ourselves," Dombrovskis said.\n\nEurope spends around $450 million (€417 million) per day on Russian crude oil and refined products.\n\nAustralia, New Zealand show support for Ukraine at ANZAC Day commemorations\n\nThe leaders of Australia and New Zealand used their annual speeches on Anzac Day to show support for Ukraine.\n\nAnzac Day marks the anniversary of Australian and New Zealand soldiers landing on the Gallipoli Peninsula in 1915 during World War I but is now used to commemorate troops from all conflicts.\n\n"The invasion of Ukraine is a senseless act of war, one that is taking the lives of innocent people. It is a threat to the international laws that a nation like ours relies on — but it is also a threat to our sense of humanity. And that makes it a threat to all of us," New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern said\n\nNew Zealand was physically distanced from the conflict but "inextricably linked" to what it represented, Ardern added.\n\nAcross the Tasman sea, Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison paid tribute to the people of Ukraine, who are fighting a Russian invasion.\n\n"On this particular day, as we honor those who fought for our liberty and freedom, we stand with the people of Ukraine who do the same thing at this very moment," Morrison said.\n\nWatch video 03:34 US now clearly willing to provide Ukraine with what they need: military expert\n\nSummary of Sunday\'s events in Ukraine-Russia crisis\n\nUkrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy held talks with US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin in Kyiv. A senior Ukrainian official confirmed the meeting. Zelenskyy was expected to push Washington for more powerful weapons.\n\nRussia\'s forces sought to dislodge the last Ukrainian troops in the battered port of Mariupol. Ukraine\'s armed forces command wrote on Facebook that Russian forces were firing and performing "offensive operations" at the Azovstal steel plant.\n\nThe UN refugee agency said 5,186,744 Ukrainians have fled since the start of Russia\'s invasion, an increase of 23,058 on Saturday\'s figures.\n\nThe Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe has said it is "extremely concerned" after several of its Ukrainian members were believed to have been arrested in pro-Russian separatist territories in the country\'s east. In a tweet, the organization said it was using all available channels to facilitate their release.\n\nThe UK Ministry of Defense said Russia was planning a "staged referendum in the southern city of Kherson aimed at justifying its occupation." In 2014, Russia held a sham referendum in Crimea to retrospectively justify its annexation of the territory.\n\ndh, si, lo/sri,rs (AP, AFP, dpa, Reuters)', 'image': 'https://static.dw.com/image/61578306_6.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:42'}
{'title': 'U.S. promises new aid to Ukraine in fight against Russia | NPR', 'keywords': ['troops', 'ministry', 'kyiv', 'steel', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'russian', 'russia', 'forces', 'promises', 'fight', 'zelenskyy', 'aid'], 'polarity': 0.059, 'subjectivity': 0.238, 'link': 'https://www.kcrw.com/news/shows/npr/npr-story/1094588767', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:56', 'summary': 'Zelenskyy said it was a mistake for Guterres to visit Russia before Ukraine.\nFrance has played a leading role in international efforts to punish Russia with sanctions and is supplying weapons systems to Ukraine.\nFor the Donbas offensive, Russia has reassembled troops who fought around Kyiv and in northern Ukraine.\nThe British Ministry of Defense said Ukrainian forces had repelled numerous assaults in the past week and "inflicted significant cost on Russian forces."\nIts capture would deprive Ukraine of a vital port, free up Russian troops to fight elsewhere, and allow Moscow to establish a land corridor to the Crimean Peninsula, which it seized from Ukraine in 2014.', 'channel': 'kcrw.com', 'text': 'KYIV, Ukraine — Top American officials promised Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy hundreds of millions of dollars in new aid during the highest-level U.S. visit to Ukraine since the start of the Russian invasion two months earlier, while Britain said Monday that Moscow has yet to achieve a significant breakthrough in its offensive in the eastern industrial heartland of the country.\n\nIn meetings with Zelenskyy in Kyiv, U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken and U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin said the United States had approved a $165 million sale of ammunition for Ukraine\'s war effort, along with more than $300 million in foreign military financing.\n\nThe pledges came Sunday, the 60th day since the start of the invasion, as Ukraine pressed the West for more powerful weapons against Russia\'s campaign in the Donbas region of eastern Ukraine, where Moscow\'s forces sought to dislodge the last Ukrainian troops in the battered port of Mariupol.\n\nBritain\'s Ministry of Defense said Monday that Ukrainian troops holed up in a steel plant in the strategic city were tying down Russian forces, and keeping them from being added to the offensive elsewhere in the Donbas.\n\n"Many Russian units remain fixed in the city and cannot be redeployed," the ministry said in a statement posted on Twitter. "Ukraine\'s defense of Mariupol has also exhausted many Russian units and reduced their combat effectiveness."\n\nThe ministry added that, so far, Russia has only made "minor advances in some areas since shifting its focus to fully occupying the Donbas."\n\n"Without sufficient logistical and combat support enablers in place, Russia has yet to achieve a significant breakthrough," the ministry said.\n\nOn the diplomatic front, U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres was scheduled to travel to Turkey on Monday and then Moscow and Kyiv. Zelenskyy said it was a mistake for Guterres to visit Russia before Ukraine.\n\n"Why? To hand over signals from Russia? What should we look for?" Zelenskyy said Saturday. "There are no corpses scattered on the Kutuzovsky Prospect," he said, referring to one of Moscow\'s main avenues.\n\nIn a boost in support for Ukraine, French President Emmanuel Macron comfortably won a second term Sunday over far-right challenger Marine Le Pen, who had pledged to dilute France\'s ties with the European Union and NATO. Le Pen had also spoken out against EU sanctions on Russian energy and had faced scrutiny during the campaign over her previous friendliness with the Kremlin.\n\nMacron\'s victory was hailed by France\'s allies in the EU as a reassuring sign of stability and continued support for Ukraine. France has played a leading role in international efforts to punish Russia with sanctions and is supplying weapons systems to Ukraine.\n\n"We have a lot to do and the war in Ukraine reminds us that we are going through tragic times where France must make its voice heard," Macron told a cheering crowd in his victory speech.\n\nZelenskyy\'s meeting with U.S. officials, his first face-to-face talks with a top American official since a Feb. 19 meeting in Munich with Vice President Kamala Harris, took place as Ukrainians and Russians observed Orthodox Easter. Speaking from Kyiv\'s ancient St. Sophia Cathedral, Zelenskyy, who is Jewish, highlighted its significance to a nation wracked by nearly two months of war.\n\n"The great holiday today gives us great hope and unwavering faith that light will overcome darkness, good will overcome evil, life will overcome death, and therefore Ukraine will surely win!" he said.\n\nTo Ukraine\'s north on the Russian side of the border, a fire erupted early Monday at an oil depot, but no immediate cause was given for the blaze in oil storage tanks.\n\nNASA satellites that track fires showed something burning at coordinates that corresponded to a Rosneft facility some 110 kilometers (70 miles) north of the Ukrainian border. Moscow previously has blamed Ukraine for attacks on the Russian region of Bryansk, which borders Ukraine.\n\nSince failing to capture Kyiv, the Russians have aimed to gain full control over the Donbas, the eastern industrial heartland, where Moscow-backed separatists controlled some territory before the war.\n\nFor the Donbas offensive, Russia has reassembled troops who fought around Kyiv and in northern Ukraine. The British Ministry of Defense said Ukrainian forces had repelled numerous assaults in the past week and "inflicted significant cost on Russian forces."\n\nIn the south of the Donbas, in the strategic port city of Mariupol, a small pocket of Ukrainian troops continues to hold out against Russian forces in the Azovstal steel factory, a sprawling facility on the waterfront.\n\nMariupol has endured fierce fighting since the start of the war because of its location on the Sea of Azov. Its capture would deprive Ukraine of a vital port, free up Russian troops to fight elsewhere, and allow Moscow to establish a land corridor to the Crimean Peninsula, which it seized from Ukraine in 2014.\n\nOver the weekend, Russian forces launched fresh airstrikes on the steel plant in an attempt to dislodge the estimated 2,000 fighters inside. An estimated 1,000 civilians are also sheltering in the building.\n\nNew satellite images by Planet Labs PBC, taken Sunday, show destroyed buildings across the steelworks and smoke rising from one part of the facility. Roofs have gaping holes; a soccer field is cratered from incoming fire.\n\nMore than 100,000 people — down from a prewar population of about 430,000 — are believed to remain in Mariupol with scant food, water or heat. Ukrainian authorities estimate more than 20,000 civilians have been killed. Recent satellite images showed what appeared to be mass graves to the west and east of Mariupol.\n\nChildren in an underground bunker were seen receiving Easter presents in a video released Sunday by the far-right Azov Battalion, which is among the Ukrainian forces at the steel plant in Mariupol. The group\'s deputy commander, Sviatoslav Palamar, said the video was shot at the plant.\n\nOne toddler is seen wearing homemade diapers made of cellophane and people are seen hanging laundry on makeshift hangers.\n\n"Please help us," one woman in the video said through tears, appealing to world leaders. "We want to live in our city, in our country. We are tired of these bombings, constant air strikes on our land. How much longer will this continue?"', 'image': 'https://media.npr.org/assets/img/2022/04/25/ap22114227388546_wide-9eb963956154c6aee1f3126351ab260ec33daaef.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:56'}
{'title': "Russia-Ukraine war: Moscow warns UK of ‘proportional response' if it continues ‘provoking' Ukraine to attack - live", 'keywords': ['proportional', 'military', 'told', 'response', 'gas', 'ukrainian', 'provoking', 'security', 'warns', 'russiaukraine', 'uk', 'ago', 'russian', 'russias'], 'polarity': 0.0084, 'subjectivity': 0.2422, 'link': 'https://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2022/apr/26/russia-ukraine-war-ukraine-foreign-minister-says-moscow-senses-defeat-us-set-to-host-talks-in-germany-on-arming-kyiv-live', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:45', 'summary': "From 8h ago 15.51 Russia warns Britain of immediate 'proportional response' for 'provoking' Ukraine to attack Russia’s defence ministry has warned of an immediate “proportional response” if Britain continues its “direct provocation” of Ukraine to strike targets in Russia, Reuters reports.\nUpdated at 22.51 BST2h ago 21.56 Russia’s gas company Gazprom is also halting gas deliveries to Bulgaria, AFP reported.\nThe US has given the Ukrainian military detailed intelligence and the location of Russian bomb strikes, giving Ukrainian forces time to react before the bombs hit.\nTold about consequences of russia's military aggression.\nWe know who they are.” Ukraine has accused the Russian military of executing civilians in Bucha that Russian troops occupied for several weeks before withdrawing.", 'channel': 'theguardian.com', 'text': 'From 8h ago 15.51 Russia warns Britain of immediate \'proportional response\' for \'provoking\' Ukraine to attack Russia’s defence ministry has warned of an immediate “proportional response” if Britain continues its “direct provocation” of Ukraine to strike targets in Russia, Reuters reports.\n\nThe ministry cited statements from the UK’s armed forces minister, James Heappey, that said Britain backs Ukrainian troops carrying out strikes in Russian territory. Speaking earlier today, Heappey said it was “not necessarily a problem” if Ukraine uses weapons donated by Britain. Russia’s defence ministry said: We would like to underline that London’s direct provocation of the Kiev regime into such actions, if such actions are carried out, will immediately lead to our proportional response. As we have warned, the Russian Armed Forces are in round-the-clock readiness to launch retaliatory strikes with high-precision long-range weapons at decision-making centers in Kyiv. The ministry added that if such Russian strikes were made, it would not necessarily be a problem if representatives of a certain Western country were located at those “decision-making centres” in Kyiv.\n\n\n\n13m ago 23.45 The UN General Assembly took a first step to put the five permanent members of the Security Council under a global spotlight on Tuesday when they use their veto power, a move highlighted by Russia’s veto and threat of future vetoes that has paralysed any action by the UN’s most powerful body on the Ukraine war, the Associated Press is reporting. The resolution does not eliminate or limit the veto power of the permanent members - the United States, Russia, China, Britain and France. But for the first time it will require the General Assembly “to hold a debate on the situation” that sparks a veto in the Security Council within 10 working days, and to give precedence on the list of speakers to the permanent member who cast the veto. The assembly isn’t required to take or consider any action, but the discussion could put veto-wielders on the spot and let a raft of other countries be heard. Liechtenstein’s UN ambassador, Christian Wenaweser, who spearheaded the resolution, has said it aims “to promote the voice of all of us who are not veto-holders, and who are not on the Security Council, on matters of international peace and security because they affect all of us.” Presenting the resolution to the assembly on Tuesday morning, Wenaweser alluded to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and the Security Council’s failure to take action saying: “There has never been a stronger need for effective multilateralism than today, and there has never been a stronger need for innovation in order to secure the central role and voice of the United Nations.”\n\n\n\n42m ago 23.17 Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelenskiy believes Russia is trying to destabilise the situation in the Transnistrian region, while Ukrainian armed forces are ready for a possible escalation by Russian troops in the temporarily occupied territory of the Republic of Moldova. Answering journalists’ questions after a meeting with IAEA director general Rafael Mariano Grossi in Kyiv, Zelenskiy said that he fully shares the assessment of the situation by Moldovan President Maia Sandu. Zelenskiy also said that he discussed that issue with Romanian Prime Minister Nicolae Ciucă who was in Kyiv on Tuesday. We clearly understand that this is one of the steps of the Russian Federation. The special services are working there. It’s not just about fake news. The goal is obvious - to destabilise the situation in the region, to threaten Moldova. They show that if Moldova supports Ukraine, there will be certain steps.” According to Zelenskiy, Ukraine knows that the Russian troops, which have been present in the territory of the temporarily occupied part of Moldova - Transnistria for many years, are in “constant readiness”. “But we understand their capabilities, the Armed Forces of Ukraine are ready for this and are not afraid of them,” he added.\n\nUpdated at 23.21 BST\n\n1h ago 22.54 Britain’s Foreign Minister Elizabeth Truss is expected to call on allies of Ukraine to “ramp up” military production including of planes and tanks, the AFP is reporting after reviewing a preview of a speech to be delivered on Wednesday. In her speech, called the new approach, Truss says the UK’s new approach “will be based on three areas: military strength, economic security and deeper global alliances”. “We cannot be complacent - the fate of Ukraine remains in the balance,” her speech reads. Russia’s victory will have “terrible consequences across the globe”, Truss is expected to say. “We must be prepared for the long haul and double down on our support for Ukraine. “Heavy weapons, tanks, aeroplanes – digging deep into our inventories, ramping up production. We need to do all of this.” “There must be nowhere for Putin to go to fund this appalling war,” her speech continues. “The architecture that was designed to guarantee peace and prosperity has failed Ukraine.” “We must also follow through on the unity shown in this crisis to reboot, recast and remodel our approach to deterring aggressors.” Truss will also call for “free nations” to be “more assertive and self-confident”, according to AFP.\n\nUpdated at 23.00 BST\n\n1h ago 22.31 A senior US defense official told reporters on Tuesday that the Department of Defense established a control center in Germany to assist in the distribution of US military aid to Ukraine, CNN is reporting. The control center, called the EUCOM Control Center of Ukraine or ECCU is based within the US European Command area of responsibility in Stuttgart, Germany. It’s run by a two-star military general and works with the international donor coordination center or IDCC.\n\n\n\n2h ago 22.18 White House press secretary Jen Psaki said while the US doesn’t expect to encounter any food shortages as a result of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the administration is working to “bolster food security around the globe” both independently and with allies. "We are not expecting a food shortage here at home, but we are acting to bolster food security around the globe both unilaterally and in conjunction with allies and partners," given shortages due to Russia\'s war on Ukraine, @PressSec says. pic.twitter.com/g3rlBdh23Z — Jennifer Jacobs (@JenniferJJacobs) April 26, 2022 On Monday, US Deputy Ambassador Richard M Mills told the UN security council that the war in Ukraine may cause food shortages in Palestine. “Due to President Putin’s unprovoked aggression against Ukraine, food insecurity could worsen even further in the coming weeks, both in Gaza and the West Bank as prices of food, fuel and other commodities rise,” Mills told the UNSC. “We encourage all member states to provide concrete assistance, including financial contributions to UNRWA, to help meet the needs of vulnerable Palestinians,” he continued.\n\nUpdated at 22.51 BST\n\n2h ago 21.56 Russia’s gas company Gazprom is also halting gas deliveries to Bulgaria, AFP reported. In addition to Poland, Gazprom has announced that it would stop delivering gas to Bulgaria after demanding that countries pay for gas in rubles. Gazprom executives were quoted by Russian news agencies as saying “Poland must pay for gas supplies according to the new payment procedure”. However, it was not immediately clear whether Bulgaria has refused to pay in rubles as well. “Bulgargaz received a notification today, April 26, that natural gas supplies from Gazprom Export will be suspended starting April 27,” Bulgaria’s economy ministry said in a statement. More from AFP: Bulgaria’s energy ministry also said Tuesday that its state-owned gas operators Bulgargaz and Bulgartransgaz “have undertaken steps for alternative agreements for natural gas deliveries and for coping with the current situation”. “At present, there is no need for (imposing) any restrictive measures on consumption,” it added. Bulgaria is almost completely dependent on Russia for its annual consumption of about 3.0 billion cubic metres of gas. The Balkan nation receives only small amounts from Azerbaijan that it hopes to increase after completing a key pipe link to neighbouring Greece later this year.\n\n\n\n2h ago 21.32 Bulgarian Prime Minister Kiril Petkov will be visiting Kyiv this week in an attempt to address opposition from Bulgaria’s pro-Russian groups to the proposition to send Ukraine military aid, AFP is reporting. Petkov and representatives of all of the parties in the ruling coalition except for the Socialists expect to be in Kyiv on Thursday. More context from AFP: Petkov invited his coalition partners to accompany him to Kyiv in a bid to overcome the pro-Russia Socialists’ opposition to providing military aid to Ukraine, as the party threatened to topple the cabinet if such a decision were approved.\n\n“I hope that... everyone will take a step back and will consider how important Bulgaria’s stability is and how important this is for the Ukrainians,” Petkov, who favours giving military aid, told Nova television in an interview last Friday. But the Socialists decided earlier Tuesday not to send a representative in the delegation, with their leader Kornelia Ninova telling BNT television the visit was “pointless” and “would hardly change our position” against arms donations. Bulgaria has remained one of the last hold-outs in the EU in turning down Ukraine’s requests for direct military aid. This remained the case even after Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba made a three-day visit to Sofia last week, urging the country “to make a choice” and provide military support. The Balkan country, which traditionally has close ties with Russia, is a big manufacturer of Soviet-era ammunition, anti-tank missiles and light arms.\n\nUpdated at 21.33 BST\n\n3h ago 21.17 Johana Bhuiyan here taking over from my colleague, Lauren. Vladimir Putin agrees “in principle” to the UN and the International Committee for the Red Cross on evacuating civilians from a steel plant in the besieged city of Mariupol, Reuters is reporting. The steel plant, Azovstal, is where the last Ukrainian forces who were defending Mariupol are hunkered down. The discussions about the involvement of the two entities were held in a meeting between Putin and UN secretary-general Antonio Guterres in Moscow on Tuesday. “Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defence Ministry,” UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after the meeting. More from Reuters: Earlier on Tuesday, Putin told Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan that there were no military operations underway in Mariupol and that Kyiv should “take responsibility” for the people holed up in the Azovstal steel plant. Ukraine on Monday appealed for the United Nations and the ICRC to be involved in the evacuation of civilians from Azovstal. Guterres is expected to meet with Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskiy in Kyiv on Thursday. During a news conference with Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov, Guterres said he has proposed a “Humanitarian Contact Group” of Russia, Ukraine and UN officials “to look for opportunities for the opening of safe corridors, with local cessations of hostilities, and to guarantee that they are actually effective”.\n\nUpdated at 21.44 BST\n\n3h ago 20.59 Ned Price, spokesperson for the US state department, said in a press conference today that the US Embassy team in Ukraine travelled from Poland to Lviv today. On Sunday, during his meeting with Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelenskiy, state secretary Antony Blinken said that the US plans to bolster diplomatic presence in Ukraine. The Deputy Chief of Mission for the US Embassy in Ukraine and members of the Embassy team traveled to Lviv today, @StateDeptSpox confirms. “Today\'s travel was a first step ahead of more regular travel in the immediate future,” he says, noting it was temporary for now. — Jennifer Hansler (@jmhansler) April 26, 2022\n\nUpdated at 21.41 BST\n\n3h ago 20.39 Boris Johnson said that Facebook has agreed to take down a video of Aiden Aslin, a British prisoner of war being held in Donetsk by Russian forces. The video is believed to be Russian propaganda, and shows Aslin being accused of serving as a mercenary. Aslin was captured while fighting in Mariupol. He and Shaun Pinner, another British soldier, surrendered once they ran out of supplies and ammunition. Friends and family of the two men have been speaking out about concerns over their condition in captivity. Facebook had initially refused to remove the video, despite appeals from Aslin’s family. Johnson told TalkTV that culture secretary Nadine Dorries personally reached out to Nick Clegg, former deputy prime minister, who currently serves as president for global affairs at Facebook, about the video. Facebook then agreed to remove the video. Boris Johnson tells The News Desk that Facebook has agreed to take down a video of Ukraine prisoner of war Aiden Aslin after his mother made an appeal on TalkTV yesterday evening.@tnewtondunn | @BorisJohnson | #TalkTVpic.twitter.com/1oIYgbdu8a — TalkTV (@TalkTV) April 26, 2022\n\nUpdated at 20.59 BST\n\n4h ago 20.23 A new report from NBC News reveals the extent to which US intelligence has been assisting Ukrainian forces. The US has given the Ukrainian military detailed intelligence and the location of Russian bomb strikes, giving Ukrainian forces time to react before the bombs hit. Here’s more from NBC News: As Russia launched its invasion, the US gave Ukrainian forces detailed intelligence about exactly when and where Russian missiles and bombs were intended to strike, prompting Ukraine to move air defenses and aircraft out of harm’s way, current and former US officials told NBC News. That near real-time intelligence-sharing also paved the way for Ukraine to shoot down a Russian transport plane carrying hundreds of troops in the early days of the war, the officials say, helping repel a Russian assault on a key airport near Kyiv. It was part of what American officials call a massive and unprecedented intelligence-sharing operation with a non-NATO partner that they say has played a crucial role in Ukraine’s success to date against the larger and better-equipped Russian military. The details about the air defenses and the transport plane, which have not previously been reported, underscore why, two months into the war, officials assess that intelligence from US spy agencies and the Pentagon has been an important factor in helping Ukraine thwart Russia’s effort to seize most of the country. “From the get-go, we leaned pretty heavily forward in sharing both strategic and actionable intelligence with Ukraine,” a US official briefed on the matter told NBC News. “It’s been impactful both at a tactical and strategic level. There are examples where you could tell a pretty clear story that this made a major difference.” In a statement, a spokesperson for the White House National Security Council said, “We are regularly providing detailed, timely intelligence to the Ukrainians on the battlefield to help them defend their country against Russian aggression and will continue to do so.”\n\nUpdated at 20.59 BST\n\n4h ago 19.31 This is Lauren Aratani taking over for Léonie Chao-Fong. Ukrainian officials met with the Romanian prime minister Nicolae Ciuca and speaker Marcel Ciolacu today, Ukrainian prime minister Denys Shmyhal tweeted. Met with 🇷🇴 PM @NicolaeCiuca & Speaker @CiolacuMarcel. Told about consequences of russia\'s military aggression. Discussed 🇺🇦\'s current needs for victory & fast recovery. Grateful for medical and humanitarian support of 🇺🇦 & constant help to Ukrainians. Let\'s stop russia together! pic.twitter.com/nltPyzSPf5 — Denys Shmyhal (@Denys_Shmyhal) April 26, 2022 Earlier today, a missile hit a strategic bridge between the two countries that connected the Odesa region across the Dniester estuary.\n\n\n\n5h ago 19.13 Pjotr Sauer The Guardian’s Russia affairs correspondent Pjotr Sauer reports: Russian president Vladimir Putin told the UN secretary-general, António Guterres on Tuesday evening that peace talks with Ukraine are continuing via a video link and that he hopes they would bring “some positive outcome”. Putin, separated from Guterres by a long table, also repeated his earlier claims that Moscow was not involved in the alleged atrocities that took place in Bucha earlier this month. “Russia was faced with provocation in Bucha, something the Russian side had nothing to do with,” Putin said during the meeting in the Kremlin. “Russian forces had no connections to Bucha. We know who did it. We know who prepared this provocation, the means they used. We know who they are.” Ukraine has accused the Russian military of executing civilians in Bucha that Russian troops occupied for several weeks before withdrawing. Putin further blamed Ukraine for stalling the negotiation process, saying he would not sign a security guarantee agreement with Ukraine without the territorial questions of Crimea and Donbas being resolved. “Nevertheless, talks are ongoing, and they are going in an online format,” Putin said “I hope this will lead us to some positive outcome.” The Russian leader also said that there were currently “no direct military operations” going on around the besieged Azovstal steelworks. “It is simple really … The military operations have ended there. They have stopped. Part of the armed forces of Ukraine who were deployed in other industrial areas have surrendered. Almost 1,300 people,” Putin said. “Yes we hear there are civilians there, the Ukrainian army must release them or they are acting as terrorists like Isis in Syria.”\n\nUpdated at 19.41 BST\n\n5h ago 18.59 Russia to halt gas supply to Poland, government told Daniel Boffey Poland’s government has been told that the country’s gas supply from Russia will stop from Wednesday following Warsaw’s refusal to pay its supplier, Gazprom, in roubles. The decision to stop supply at 8am CET had also followed Poland’s announcement earlier on Tuesday that it was imposing sanctions on 50 entities and individuals including Russia’s biggest gas company. In a hastily arranged press conference, Polish ministers said they had sufficient supplies of gas to weather the interruption but accused Gazprom of a breach of contract. Poland has been pushing the EU and other western allies to go further in punishing the Kremlin for its invasion of Ukraine. PGNiG, Poland’s largest gas supplier, has said it would file a breach of contract lawsuit.\n\n', 'image': 'https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/2d9a0109116137e08f263d606ebd1967c945be55/0_397_6720_4032/master/6720.jpg?width=1200&height=630&quality=85&auto=format&fit=crop&overlay-align=bottom%2Cleft&overlay-width=100p&overlay-base64=L2ltZy9zdGF0aWMvb3ZlcmxheXMvdGctbGl2ZS5wbmc&enable=upscale&s=4fa2caefd5eb158723f67cf4182b20b7', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:45'}
{'title': 'Poland and Romania ask to be punished with Russian Caliber missiles', 'keywords': ['kiev', 'ask', 'missiles', 'ukraine', 'logistics', 'punished', 'arms', 'russia', 'weapons', 'caliber', 'territory', 'countries', 'romania', 'military', 'nato', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0424, 'subjectivity': 0.2434, 'link': 'https://english.pravda.ru/world/151458-poland_romania/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:36', 'summary': 'Poland and Romania are the first to ask for it.\nEvery time when they sell weapons to Ukraine, European countries fear that they will become a party to military action and "Putin\'s wrath".\nHungarian Foreign Minister Péter Szijjártó said during a visit to Kosovo that Hungary had no plans to supply lethal weapons to Ukraine.\n"By supplying weapons, Germany and other NATO countries have de facto made themselves a party to the war.\nPoland is next on the list - this country serves as a transit point for all arms shipments from Western countries to Ukraine.', 'channel': 'english.pravda.ru', 'text': 'Poland and Romania are first candidates for Calibre missile strikes\n\nHaving acknowledged the legitimacy of Ukraine\'s strikes against military facilities on the Russian territory, London has justified air strikes against logistics chains in a number of NATO countries that supply arms to Kiev. Poland and Romania are the first to ask for it.\n\nJames Heappey, UK\'s Under-Secretary of State for the Armed Forces, told Times Radio that Ukraine had a legal right to strike military facilities on the Russian territory to disrupt the logistics of the Russian Armed Forces.\n\nIt is “completely legitimate for Ukraine to be targeting in Russia’s depth in order to disrupt the logistics that if they weren’t disrupted would directly contribute to death and carnage on Ukrainian soil," Heappey said.\n\nCommenting on this statement, Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said that in order to disrupt military logistics, Russia could strike military targets on the territory of a number of NATO countries that supply arms to the Kiev regime.\n\n"Do we have the right understanding here? After all, it directly leads to deaths and bloodshed on Ukrainian territory. As far as I understand, Britain is one of those countries," Zakharova clarified in her Telegram channel.\n\nEvery time when they sell weapons to Ukraine, European countries fear that they will become a party to military action and "Putin\'s wrath". The head of the German Foreign Office, Annalena Baerbock, expressed her concerns on he matter.\n\n"We at the government are united in saying that we will not become a party to the conflict," she said during a press conference on April 20.\n\nHungary shares a different point of view. Hungarian Foreign Minister Péter Szijjártó said during a visit to Kosovo that Hungary had no plans to supply lethal weapons to Ukraine. In addition, Hungary does not allow their transit to Kiev, as they "could become targets to hostile military actions".\n\n"We are not getting involved in this war," the minister explained.\n\nIncidentally, a group of German public figures wrote an open letter to German Chancellor Olaf Scholz calling for arms shipments to Ukraine to end, as this "drags Germany into war".\n\n"By supplying weapons, Germany and other NATO countries have de facto made themselves a party to the war. Ukraine has thus become a battleground in a conflict between NATO and Russia over security rules in Europe that has been escalating for years," the letter claims.\n\nPrimary targets for Caliber missiles\n\nActive suppliers of lethal weapons to Nazi Kiev regime are:\n\nCzech Republic,\n\nPoland,\n\nSlovenia,\n\nTurkey,\n\nGermany,\n\nUSA.\n\nMany do so unofficially, e.g. Bulgaria.\n\nRussian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said that negotiations on Ukraine were unlikely to be effective if Kiev continues to receive arms shipments from other countries. In the United States, CNN sources describe arms supplies to Ukraine as an investment in neutralising Russia\'s army and navy for a decade to come. Pentagon chief Lloyd Austin\'s recent statements about his intention to "weaken Russia" through military aid to Ukraine are a cynical reminder of NATO being an aggressive organisation that targets Russia in the first place.\n\nWhere can Russia strike western logistics and military facilities?\n\nThis could be Romania in the first place. Romania may now invade Transnistria to save its Moldovan brothers there.\n\nPoland is next on the list - this country serves as a transit point for all arms shipments from Western countries to Ukraine.\n\nThese countries will not survive a Caliber missile attack either physically or mentally. It would indeed be a prelude to Third World War, but US allies would be the first to lose it as they misbehave.', 'image': 'https://english.pravda.ru/image/preview/article//4/5/8/151458_soc.jpeg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:36'}
{'title': 'Almaty Resident Who Fought Against Ukrainian Troops In Donbas Gets Life For Murdering Five People', 'keywords': ['gets', 'troops', 'fought', 'war', 'civilians', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'donbas', 'ukraine', 'meeting', 'russia', 'resident', 'united', 'told', 'life', 'russian', 'murdering'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/kazakhstan-almaty-duzhnov-guilty-murder/31822148.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:05', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there.\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/9de4621f-ae8c-4e2b-a935-4a2de61f47c2_cx0_cy18_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:05'}
{'title': 'Belarusian Rights Activists Go On Trial Seen As Politically Motivated', 'keywords': ['war', 'civilians', 'putin', 'politically', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'seen', 'meeting', 'told', 'russia', 'rights', 'united', 'belarusian', 'motivated', 'activists', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/belarus-vyasna-rabkova-trial/31820502.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:36', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/36528D29-C3B1-4F3B-83BB-91F76D288F72_cx0_cy31_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:36'}
{'title': 'Ethnic Kalmyk Founder Of Clothing Brand Flees Russia Amid Threats', 'keywords': ['war', 'civilians', 'putin', 'founder', 'ukrainian', 'amid', 'ukraine', 'clothing', 'meeting', 'ethnic', 'united', 'told', 'threats', 'flees'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/kalmyk-nonrussian-brand-xenophobia/31820307.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:24', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nThey have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/01e90000-0aff-0242-faa9-08da25cb2776_cx0_cy10_cw0_w1200_r1.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:24'}
{'title': 'First Leader Of Independent Belarus, Stanislau Shushkevich, In Intensive Care', 'keywords': ['war', 'civilians', 'belarus', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'stanislau', 'meeting', 'russia', 'leader', 'independent', 'told', 'russian', 'united'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/belarus-shushkevich-intensive-care/31821748.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:50', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/F1298B4A-D480-4C63-BB25-09D127102BD5_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:50'}
{'title': 'Gazprom Informs Bulgaria, Poland Of Plans To Suspend Gas Deliveries', 'keywords': ['war', 'suspend', 'civilians', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'russian', 'meeting', 'bulgaria', 'informs', 'plans', 'told', 'deliveries', 'united'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/poland-russia-gas-cut-gazprom/31822386.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:21', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/2ED3AF50-E135-48F8-B1B5-2BFEDB2AE3E1_cx0_cy2_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:21'}
{'title': "Kazakh Minister Sees No Problem With Russian Motorcycle Producer's Plan To Move Due To Sanctions", 'keywords': ['producers', 'war', 'civilians', 'kazakh', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'minister', 'ukraine', 'meeting', 'told', 'russia', 'sees', 'plan', 'problem', 'russian', 'united'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/kazkahstan-ural-motorcycles-relocation-sanctions/31822050.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:53', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\nBut he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/C3D0CE0C-AFDB-4100-9BFE-AE0E2A49004B_w1200_r1.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:53'}
{'title': 'Kazakh President Steps Down As Ruling Party Chairman', 'keywords': ['steps', 'president', 'war', 'civilians', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'meeting', 'russia', 'united', 'told', 'chairman', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/kazakhstan-toqaev-ruling-party/31821817.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:42', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/08810000-0a00-0242-5ee2-08d9d19e8c5e_cx0_cy4_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:42'}
{'title': "Moldova's President Says Transdniester Attacks Are An Attempt To Escalate Tensions", 'keywords': ['war', 'moldovas', 'president', 'civilians', 'putin', 'tensions', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'attempt', 'meeting', 'told', 'russia', 'attacks', 'escalate', 'russian', 'united'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/moldova-transdniester-radio-blasts/31821443.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:28', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/c3750000-0aff-0242-bed6-08d9f0834c26_cx0_cy6_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:28'}
{'title': "Moscow Courts Fine Meta, TikTok For Failing To Delete 'Illegal' Content", 'keywords': ['told', 'war', 'failing', 'ukrainian', 'delete', 'tiktok', 'moscow', 'content', 'courts', 'united', 'russian', 'illegal', 'civilians', 'putin', 'ukraine', 'meeting'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/russia-fines-meta-facebook-instagram/31821728.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:19', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/027a0000-0aff-0242-872d-08da0c2d2297_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:19'}
{'title': 'New Probe Into 2005 Death Of Kazakh Opposition Leader Rejected', 'keywords': ['war', 'civilians', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'opposition', '2005', 'death', 'meeting', 'russia', 'probe', 'leader', 'rejected', 'told', 'russian', 'united'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/kazakhstan-nurqadilov-investigation-denied/31820631.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:30', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/D5E6F247-8CCF-41B1-8E83-4F946E881520_cx0_cy4_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:30'}
{'title': 'Pussy Riot Member Added To Wanted List After Sentence Changed To Prison Term', 'keywords': ['told', 'list', 'war', 'term', 'ukrainian', 'sentence', 'member', 'russia', 'united', 'russian', 'civilians', 'putin', 'ukraine', 'prison', 'added', 'meeting', 'changed'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/pussy-riot-alyokhina-wanted/31821712.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:42', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/a9cf8913-1eec-4c72-a4db-e3e0b0ca3c98_cx0_cy2_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:42'}
{'title': 'Putin Tells Guterres He Still Has Hope For Negotiated Agreement With Ukraine', 'keywords': ['guterres', 'war', 'putin', 'civilians', 'ukrainian', 'meeting', 'negotiated', 'told', 'agreement', 'hope', 'tells', 'united'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/ukraine-kreminna-russian-losses/31821314.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:55', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/024c0000-0aff-0242-4a49-08da27b6f8cd_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:55'}
{'title': 'Rights Group Urges Russia To Allow Civilians Out Of Mariupol, Calls On UN To Do More', 'keywords': ['calls', 'urges', 'war', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'russian', 'russia', 'meeting', 'group', 'rights', 'united', 'told', 'allow'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/mariupol-hrw-civilians-un/31821477.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:03', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nHe also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/024c0000-0aff-0242-1d9e-08da27486f6e_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:03'}
{'title': 'Russia Expels 40 German Diplomats In Tit-For-Tat Move', 'keywords': ['40', 'war', 'civilians', 'putin', 'titfortat', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'russian', 'meeting', 'united', 'told', 'diplomats'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/russia-expels-german-diplomats/31820355.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:31', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nHe also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\nThey have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/084a0000-0aff-0242-b9e9-08d9dfd1dec4_cx0_cy5_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:31'}
{'title': "UN Chief Again Calls For Ukraine Cease-Fire, Meets With Russia's Lavrov", 'keywords': ['russias', 'chief', 'calls', 'war', 'civilians', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'meeting', 'lavrov', 'united', 'meets', 'told', 'ceasefire', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/russia-guterres-lavrov-putin/31821762.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:51', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/024f0000-0aff-0242-2919-08da27725df0_cx0_cy3_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:51'}
{'title': "Ukraine Says Targeting Of Separatists' Building In Transdniester Was Provocation By Russia", 'keywords': ['building', 'war', 'civilians', 'putin', 'targeting', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'russia', 'meeting', 'united', 'separatists', 'told', 'provocation', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/transdniester-tiraspol-security-attack/31820545.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:51', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/02130000-0aff-0242-c1f7-08da26d15f1b_cx0_cy77_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:51'}
{'title': 'Ukraine: Zelenskyy meets Blinken, Austin in Kyiv, says Ukrainian official - as it happened', 'keywords': ['war', 'president', 'kyiv', 'zelenskyy', 'blinken', 'russia', 'easter', 'defense', 'orthodox', 'meets', 'russian', 'military'], 'polarity': 0.0316, 'subjectivity': 0.2548, 'link': 'https://www.dw.com/en/ukraine-zelenskyy-meets-blinken-austin-in-kyiv-says-ukrainian-official-as-it-happened/a-61571371?maca=en-rss-en-eu-2092-rdf', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:13', 'summary': "Zelenskyy meets Blinken, Austin in Kyiv, says Ukraine officialAn adviser to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said Sunday night that US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin were meeting with the Ukrainian leader in Kyiv.\nEarlier on Sunday, Ukraine also called for a truce as both Russia and Ukraine mark Orthodox Easter this Sunday.\nIn addition to young people, doctors were being targeted in the Kherson, Zaporizhzhia, and Kharkiv regions, Ukrainian military officials wrote on Facebook.\nAuthorities cautioned residents about the potential for increased Russian military activity during holiday celebrations.\nTwo Russian generals have been killed near Kherson, the Ukrainian Defense Ministry's intelligence directorate has said.", 'channel': 'dw.com', 'text': 'Kyiv calls on Russia to declare \'Easter truce\' in Mariupol\n\nRussia says it hit arms depots near Kharkiv\n\nUkraine wants equipment to operate its nuclear power plants — IAEA\n\nRussian forces attempting to storm Azovstal plant in Mariupol\n\nThis live updates article is now closed. For our latest coverage on Monday, follow our live updates here.\n\nUK says Russia is planning \'referendum\' in Kherson\n\nThe UK Ministry of Defense said Russia was planning a "staged referendum in the southern city of Kherson aimed at justifying its occupation."\n\nIt follows a similar assessment by Ukraine earlier in the week that warned Russia was planning sham referendums to take control of occupied territories in the south of the country.\n\nIn 2014, Russia held a sham referendum in Crimea to retrospectively justify its annexation of the territory.\n\nRussia could use the referendum to declare a so-called Kherson people\'s republic similar to the self-declared republics in Luhansk and Donetsk.\n\nBritish military intelligence highlighted the fact that Russia\'s own domestic elections have been beset by allegations of vote-rigging and have seen high-profile opposition politicians blocked from running.\n\nZelenskyy meets Blinken, Austin in Kyiv, says Ukraine official\n\nAn adviser to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said Sunday night that US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin were meeting with the Ukrainian leader in Kyiv.\n\nThe adviser, Oleksiy Arestovych, said in an interview on Ukrainian TV late Sunday that the talks are going on "right now."\n\nThe trip by two of President Joe Biden\'s top cabinet members was kept closely under wraps. The White House has not confirmed any visit. The State Department and Pentagon declined to comment.\n\nZelenskyy earlier said he was "expecting specific things and specific weapons" from world leaders who come to the country. He said he would ask Blinken and Austin for more powerful weapons during their talks.\n\nNo humanitarian routes out of Mariupol on Sunday\n\nIryna Vereshchuk, Ukraine\'s Deputy Prime Minister, said that no humanitarian routes were established to bring civilians and the wounded out of Mariupol on Sunday.\n\nVereshchuk blamed Russian forces for continuing their siege on the southern port city that has faced weeks of bombardment.\n\nThe Ukrainian side would try again on Monday, Vereshchuk said. She called on UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres to demand a ceasefire "if he is preparing to talk about peace" ahead of his travels to Moscow and then Kyiv next week.\n\nUN: Almost 5.2 million Ukrainian refugees since war started\n\nThe UN refugee agency said 5,186,744 Ukrainians have fled since the start of Russia\'s invasion, an increase of 23,058 on Saturday\'s figures.\n\nIn April so far, more than 1,151,000 Ukrainians have fled their country compared with 3.4 million during the month of March.\n\nUN High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi wrote on Twitter that this Orthodox Easter "will be another day of fear, anguish, loss and separation from loved ones, as war continues to rage without mercy."\n\nThe International Organization of Migration (IOM) estimates that more than 7.7 million people are internally displaced within Ukraine.\n\nLuhansk governor says shelling kills civilians\n\nSerhiy Gaidai, the regional governor of Luhansk, said several civilians were killed by Russian shelling on Orthodox Easter Sunday.\n\nIn a video address to mark the holiday, Gaidai said, "Today, once again, civilians have died. Our compatriots. The (Russians) do not hold anything sacred."\n\nRussian forces attempting to storm Azovstal plant in Mariupol\n\nUkrainian presidential adviser Oleksiy Arestovych has said Sunday Russian forces are again attempting to storm the Azovstal steel plant in Mariupol where Ukrainian forces and civilians are sheltering following a weeks-long siege of the southern port city.\n\nOn Facebook, Arestovych wrote, "Russian troops are trying to finish off the defenders of Azovstal and more than 1,000 civilians who are hiding at the plant."\n\nRussian troops have surrounded the plant since early March. On Saturday, Ukrainian officials issued similar warnings and said Russian forces were laying siege to the plant.\n\nPope Francis appeals for truce again\n\nThe blue and yellow Ukrainian flag flew among those gathered on St. Peter\'s Square in the Vatican this Orthodox Easter weekend as Pope Francis appealed again for a truce in Ukraine.\n\nHe called for an easing of "the suffering of exhausted people."\n\nFrancis added that, "Instead of halting, the war has become worse."\n\nEchoing the calls of senior Ukrainian government officials, Francis said, "I renew the appeal for an Easter truce, the smallest tangible sign of a willingness for peace."\n\nRussia\'s US envoy says consulates\' bank accounts closed\n\nRussian ambassador Anatoly Antonov said Sunday that the work of Russian diplomatic missions in the US was essentially "blockaded" by US government entities.\n\n"Accounts of our two consulates in Houston and New York have been closed by Bank of America," Antonov was quoted as saying by the RIA news agency.\n\nHe also said Russian diplomatic sites were receiving threats via telephone and in the mail.\n\nOSCE says members captured in Donetsk and Luhansk\n\nThe Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) said it is "extremely concerned" about the detention of several members of its monitoring mission in the eastern part of the country.\n\nIn a brief tweet, the Vienna-based organization said several of its mission members "have been deprived of their liberty in Donetsk and Luhansk" and that OSCE was "using all available channels to facilitate their release."\n\nAn OSCE spokesperson failed to provide specifics such as how many Ukrainian nationals involved in the monitoring mission had been detained or when or who may be holding them. Several OSCE observers have been killed or injured since the monitoring mission in eastern Ukraine began eight years ago.\n\nRussia recently vetoed extending the mission. It is one of 57 participating member states that form the OSCE.\n\nUN says fighting in Mariupol should stop \'right now\'\n\n"The lives of tens of thousands, including women, children and older people, are at stake in Mariupol," the UN\'s coordinator for the Ukraine crisis, Amin Awad, warned.\n\n"We need a pause in fighting right now to save lives," he said in a statement. "They must be allowed to safely evacuate now, today. Tomorrow could be too late."\n\nRussia claims to control the entirety of the port city save for a steelworks plant where several thousands of Ukrainian fighters are holed up. Earlier on Sunday, Ukraine also called for a truce as both Russia and Ukraine mark Orthodox Easter this Sunday.\n\nMoscow blocks leading chess site\n\nChess.com, one of the most popular chess websites in the world, is now inaccessible in Russia. According to the Interfax news agency, the country\'s media supervisor Roskomnadzor has blocked two of its pages with information about the war in Ukraine.\n\nRussian prosecutors demanded the move on Saturday. As the site uses https network protocol, barring the access to those pages has reportedly caused the entire site to be inaccessible in Russia.\n\nPreviously, Russian grandmaster Sergei Karjakin had called for the pages with information about what Russia calls its "special military operations" in Ukraine to be blocked.\n\nRussia claims it struck arms depots in the Kharkiv region\n\nThe Russian Ministry of Defense said Sunday that it had struck nine Ukrainian military targets overnight.\n\nIncluded among those targets were four arms depots in the Kharkiv region where artillery is stored and a facility producing military grade explosives in Dnipropetrovsk.\n\nWatch video 02:39 A village in Ukraine marks Good Friday in wartime\n\nUkrainian negotiator calls for a \'real Easter truce\'\n\nMykhailo Podoliak, the senior Ukrainian negotiator and presidential advisor, urged a "real Easter truce" as both Ukraine and Russia mark Orthodox Easter.\n\nOn Twitter, Podoliak also urged a humanitarian corridor out of the besieged southeastern port city of Mariupol.\n\n"Russia is continuously attacking the Mariupol Azovstal. The place where our civilians and military are located, is shelled with heavy air bombs and artillery."\n\nPodoliak urged Russia to "think of the remnants of its reputation."\n\nUkraine says Russia deployed Iskander-M missile launchers near border\n\nRussia has moved Iskander-M missile launchers to sites within 60 kilometers (40 miles) of Ukraine\'s border, said the General Staff of Ukraine\'s Armed Forces.\n\nThe mobile ballistic Iskander system has a range of up to 500 kilometers and is armed with two guided missiles capable of carrying both conventional and nuclear warheads.\n\n"The enemy has increased the number of troops in (Russia\'s) Belgorod region by transferring and concentrating additional units," Ukraine\'s Armed Forces said in their daily morning update.\n\nWatch video 03:24 Missile attack on Odesa during Orthodox Easter\n\nZelenskyy hopes for \'eternal harmony\' following peace in Ukraine\n\nIn his message for Orthodox Easter, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that the holiday is a reminder that "light wins over darkness," therefore "Ukraine must win!"\n\nZelenskyy said Ukrainians were praying for a day of "great peace" in Ukraine which would bring "eternal harmony and prosperity."\n\nThe politician recorded the video message at the Cathedral of St. Sophia in Kyiv where "a thousand years ago, on the field of the holy battle, the army of Kievan Rus-Ukraine defeated the [medival Turkic nations of] Pechenegs," Zelenskyy noted.\n\nBoth Russia and Ukraine trace their countries\' origins to the medieval state of Kievan Rus. The Kremlin has argued that because of this, Ukraine\'s national identity is virtually identical to Russia\'s; Kyiv strongly objects.\n\nMeanwhile, Patriarch Bartholomew, the spiritual leader of the world\'s Eastern Orthodox Christians, called from Istanbul for humanitarian corridors to be opened in Ukraine where he said "an indescribable human tragedy is unfolding."\n\n"We call once again for an immediate end to the fratricidal war, which, like any war, undermines human dignity," Bartholomew added.\n\nSwitzerland impedes German arms deliveries: report\n\nSwitzerland has blocked the re-export from Germany to Ukraine of Swiss-produced ammunition used in German-made Marder infantry fighting vehicles, according to the Swiss newspaper SonntagsZeitung.\n\nThe move by Switzerland, which maintains a neutral status, has held up arms deliveries by Germany at a time when Berlin is already under fire for failing to supply Ukraine with heavy weapons to help fight off Russia\'s invasion of the country.\n\nSwitzerland has gone against previous practice and adopted EU sanctions aimed at punishing Russia for its invasion, but has insisted its neutrality does not allow it to send arms to conflict zones. Swiss officials have previously rejected Poland\'s request for the Alpine state to send arms to Ukraine.\n\nThe Marder vehicles are made by German arms manufacturer Rheinmetall but use Swiss-manufactured ammunition.\n\nUK says Russian troops suffer from poor morale\n\nRussia has made "some territorial gains" since starting the ongoing offensive in the east of the country, according to UK military intelligence. At the same time, UK officials said that Ukraine provided strong resistance and inflicted significant losses on the Russian forces.\n\n"Poor Russian morale and limited time to reconstitute, re-equip and reorganize forces from prior offensives are likely hindering Russian combat effectiveness," they said on Twitter.\n\nUkraine governor says Russian attacks killed 8 in Luhansk\n\nRussian shelling killed eight people and injured two more in Luhansk in eastern Ukraine, according to governor Serhiy Gaidai. The Ukrainian official two more people were seriously injured, and no less than eight buildings were destroyed in the region, which is partially controlled by pro-Russian rebels.\n\nThe numbers could not be independently verified.\n\nWatch video 02:39 North of Kyiv, battle of Teterivske demonstrates \'imprecise\' Russian military style\n\nGermany reportedly to buy Chinook heavy transport helicopters\n\nGermany would buy 60 CH-47F Chinook heavy transport helicopters from Boeing worth around €5 billion ($5.4 billion), Bild am Sonntag newspaper reported, citing government sources.\n\nDeliveries would begin after 2025-2026, and the helicopters are said to replace the aging CH-53G Stallion rotorcraft.\n\nThe paper said the project will be funded from the €100 billion fund Chancellor Olaf Scholz announced in February to modernize the military.\n\nThe paper said Defense Minister Christine Lambrecht would inform the parliament of the decision next week, but a spokesperson for the ministry said no decision on helicopter purchases had been made yet.\n\nOpposition leader calls for German foreign and security policy review\n\nThe leader of Germany\'s opposition Christian Democratic Union (CDU), Friedrich Merz, has called for a review of German foreign and security policies over the past two decades.\n\n"The entire German foreign and security policies of the past 20 years are in ruins. When this war is over, we must carefully analyze how this happened," he told newspaper Bild am Sonntag.\n\nHe did not spare his own party, saying "serious failures" were made on defense over the past two decades.\n\n"Looking back, we must, unfortunately, say that all defense ministers of the past 20 years made wrong decisions about materiel and the condition of troops," Merz said.\n\nWatch video 04:21 Are Ukrainian forces getting everything they need?\n\nFrom the end of 2005 to the end of 2021, the CDU and its sister party, the CSU, held the Ministry of Defense.\n\nGerman Chancellor Olaf Scholz announced a plan to beef up the German military in February, pledging a special package of €100 billion ($112.7 billion) to boost the strength of the country\'s armed forces.\n\nHe also vowed to increase Germany’s annual defense spending to 2% of the nation’s GDP, in line with NATO demands.\n\nUN Chief to stop in Turkey before visits to Russia and Ukraine\n\nUnited Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres will visit Turkey on Monday before heading to Russia to meet President Vladimir Putin and then to Ukraine for talks with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the UN said in a statement.\n\nIn the Turkish capital Ankara, Guterres will meet President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.\n\nTurkey has been trying to negotiate an end to the conflict, so far without success.\n\nOn Tuesday, Guterres will meet Putin in Moscow, followed by a trip Thursday to Kyiv in an effort to mediate an end to the war in Ukraine.\n\nZelenskyy criticized Guterres\'s decision to head to Moscow before Kyiv, saying there is "no justice and no logic in this order."\n\n"The war is in Ukraine, there are no bodies in the streets of Moscow. It would be logical to go first to Ukraine, to see the people there, the consequences of the occupation," Zelenskyy said.\n\nUkraine blames Russian troops for forcibly recruiting civilians\n\nUkraine has accused Russian troops of forcibly recruiting civilians in occupied regions of eastern Ukraine.\n\nIn addition to young people, doctors were being targeted in the Kherson, Zaporizhzhia, and Kharkiv regions, Ukrainian military officials wrote on Facebook.\n\nThe UK\'s Ministry of Defense also noted similar conscription practices in the Russian-occupied Donbas and Crimea.\n\n"Any enlistment of Ukrainian civilians into the Russian armed forces, even if presented by Russia as being voluntary or military service in accordance with Russian law, would constitute a violation of Article 51 of the Fourth Geneva Convention," the UK Ministry of Defense wrote on Twitter.\n\nIAEA to provide Ukraine with equipment to keep nuclear plants running\n\nUkraine has asked the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) for the equipment it needs to operate nuclear power plants during the war with Russia.\n\nThe agency says it includes radiation measurement devices, protective material, computer-related assistance, power supply systems, and diesel generators.\n\n"We will coordinate the implementation of the assistance that the IAEA and its member states will provide, including by delivering required equipment directly to Ukraine\'s nuclear sites," IAEA Director General Rafael Grossi said.\n\nUkraine has 15 operational reactors at four plants.\n\nGrossi was due to visit the decommissioned Chernobyl plant next week, on the anniversary of the 1986 disaster there.\n\nPutin in church as Ukrainians told to stay home\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin attended an Easter mass conducted by the Russian Orthodox Church in Moscow.\n\nThe church has strongly backed the Kremlin leader\'s invasion of Ukraine.\n\nPutin did not speak during the service.\n\nPatriarch Kirill said he hoped the conflict in Ukraine would end quickly but did not condemn it.\n\nHis previous statements backing Russia\'s invasion have splintered the worldwide Orthodox Church.\n\nOn Sunday, many Ukrainians will observe Easter, but they were told to attend service virtually as authorities there have announced a nationwide curfew.\n\nWatch video 05:00 Germany: Russian monks help Ukrainians, despite Russian Orthodox Church support for war\n\nZelenksyy to meet Blinken and Austin in Kyiv\n\nUkrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy is expecting US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin to visit Kyiv on Sunday.\n\nIt would be the highest-level visit by an American delegation since the start of the war two months ago.\n\nZelenskyy had high hopes for the encounter, saying Ukraine was expecting more weapons to counter the Russian invasion. The White House, State Department, and Pentagon declined to comment.\n\nSummary of Saturday\'s events in Ukraine-Russia crisis\n\nA Russian strike killed at least eight people, including a baby, and wounded several others in Ukraine\'s Black Sea city of Odesa, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said.\n\nSpeaking to the media, Zelenskyy said his country\'s army was not ready to launch a military operation to restore access to the besieged city of Mariupol. Ukraine says Russia resumed its assault on the last Ukrainian defenders holed up in a giant steelworks in the city, days after Moscow declared victory in the port city.\n\nUkrainian officials announced a nationwide curfew ahead of Easter Sunday. Authorities cautioned residents about the potential for increased Russian military activity during holiday celebrations.\n\nTwo Russian generals have been killed near Kherson, the Ukrainian Defense Ministry\'s intelligence directorate has said. Defense Intelligence reported the deaths on Facebook, adding that another general had been heavily injured and evacuated.\n\nFormer German Chancellor Gerhard Schröder has told the New York Times that he believes Russian President Vladimir Putin will not cut the supply of gas to Germany.\n\nSchröder stressed that Putin is interested in ending the war with Ukraine, but added that ending the war won\'t be easy. He did not elaborate.\n\nar, lo/dj, sri (AFP, AP, dpa, Reuters)', 'image': 'https://static.dw.com/image/61571387_6.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:13'}
{'title': 'Ukraine: UN chief calls for cease-fire in visit to Moscow - live updates', 'keywords': ['guterres', 'chief', 'war', 'visit', 'president', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'minister', 'russian', 'russia', 'defense', 'ceasefire'], 'polarity': 0.0118, 'subjectivity': 0.2554, 'link': 'https://www.dw.com/en/ukraine-un-chief-calls-for-cease-fire-in-visit-to-moscow-live-updates/a-61590982?maca=en-rss-en-eu-2092-rdf', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:19', 'summary': 'Guterres is expected to meet with Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Kyiv on Thursday.\nRussian President Vladimir Putin has demanded that "unfriendly" countries open accounts at Gazprombank to convert euro or dollar payments into rubles.\nUkrainian troops to train on German soil — Defense MinisterGerman Defense Minister Christine Lambrecht said Ukrainian troops will be trained on German soil.\nThe attendees will include NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg and German Defense Minister Christine Lambrecht.\nAustin and US Secretary of State Antony Blinken spoke with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on Sunday and pledged additional military assistance to Kyiv.', 'channel': 'dw.com', 'text': 'US hosts defense talks on arming Ukraine\n\nGermany to supply Ukraine with anti-aircraft tanks\n\nUN head Guterres urges for ceasefire in Moscow visit\n\nRussia\'s Lavrov says NATO \'in essence\' engaged in proxy war with Russia\n\nZelenskyy says Russia \'won\'t win\' the war in Ukraine\n\nThis article was last updated at 20:54 GMT/UTC\n\nPutin tells UN, Red Cross he is open to evacuating civilians from Mariupol\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin agreed "in principle" to United Nations and the International Committee for the Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal steel plant in Mariupol, the UN said.\n\nPutin made the concession to UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres during their meeting in Moscow.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defence Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said after the meeting.\n\nUkraine\'s remaining forces in Mariupol and some civilians were holding out in the steel plant and were surrounded by Russian forces.\n\nUkraine on Monday appealed for the UN and Red Cross to be involved in the evacuation of civilians from Azovstal.\n\nGuterres is expected to meet with Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Kyiv on Thursday.\n\nPoland and Bulgaria cut off from Russian gas\n\nRussia\'s Gazprom has informed both Bulgaria and Poland that it will cut off gas exports on Wednesday, according to Bulgarian and Polish officials.\n\nThe two countries will be the first to be cut off from Russian gas since Moscow invaded Ukraine.\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin has demanded that "unfriendly" countries open accounts at Gazprombank to convert euro or dollar payments into rubles.\n\nPoland has refused to comply with the new scheme and said it will not extend the contract.\n\nThe Polish government says gas supplies will not be affected, as it can source gas via two links with Germany, an upcoming link with Lithuania and via an interconnector with the Czech Republic.\n\nLater on Tuesday, Gazprom told Bulgaria\'s state gas company Bulgargaz that it would cease gas supplies.\n\nThe Bulgarian government said it would not lead to gas restrictions, as it has found alternative arrangements for the supply of natural gas.\n\nGermany\'s network regulator said it was monitoring the situation and that "the security of supply in Germany is currently guaranteed."\n\nBVB Dortmund and Dynamo Kyiv play friendly match\n\nGerman Bundesliga club Borussia Dortmund has raised €400,000 ($426,000) for Ukraine in a friendly match with Ukraine\'s top club Dynamo Kyiv. Kyiv won 3-2 in a charity match played in front of about 35,000 fans. All proceeds will go to victims of the Russian invasion of Ukraine.\n\n"It is about sending a signal, a sign of solidarity with Ukraine, earning a bit of money so that we can do one or the other humanitarian action. And then it is also a sign against this despicable war of aggression," Dortmund managing director Hans-Joachim Watzke told broadcasters ZDF.\n\nKyiv has played similar fund-raising matches in Warsaw, Istanbul and Cluj.\n\nPutin claims he hopes for diplomatic agreement\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin has met with United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres in Moscow. In televised remarks, he told Guterres that he still hoped for negotiations to end the conflict.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track. We are negotiating, we do not reject [talks]," Putin told Guterres, who was visiting Moscow.\n\nHe said talks with Ukraine had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv. He claimed without evidence, that the massacres in Bucha were not carried out by Russians.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian army had nothing to do with," Putin said. "We know who prepared this provocation, by what means, and what kind of people worked on it."\n\nGuterres reiterated his call for Ukraine and Russia to work together with the UN to set up aid and evacuation corridors to help civilians in Ukraine.\n\nThe broadcast discussions showed Guterres and Putin sitting opposite each other at the large oval table in the hall of the Senate Palace, following an hour-long meeting in the Kremlin. Guterres earlier met with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov where he called for a ceasefire.\n\nItaly considers nationalizing Lukoil-owned refinery\n\nItaly is reportedly considering temporarily nationalizing a refinery owned by Lukoil — a Russian multinational energy corporation — as a response to possible sanctions on Russian oil.\n\nLukoil, which is not the subject of sanctions, owns the ISAB refinery — Italy\'s largest oil refinery by capacity. It used to buy 30%-40% of its crude oil from Russia, with the remainder coming from international markets. Since the Russian invasion, it has been unable to obtain international credit, and has been sourcing almost all its crude oil from Russia.\n\nReuters news agency, citing two government sources, said Industry Minister Giancario Gieorgetti is planning to raise the prospect of nationalization when the Italian cabinet meets on Thursday.\n\nEuropean leaders are debating whether to impose an embargo on Russian oil.\n\nGermany \'very close\' to abandoning Russian oil\n\nThe German economy minister, Robert Habeck says the country is very close to completely halting imports of Russian oil.\n\nHabeck said Germany has cut oil import dependency from 35% to 12% in eight weeks.\n\n"Today I can say that an embargo is now more in reach for Germany. In the coming days and weeks, we will continue to expand this independence and rapidly move away from fossil fuels. But as I said, what a few weeks ago seemed a very large problem for Germany has shrunk considerably, so that German independence from Russian oil is now very very close."\n\nHabeck was speaking in Warsaw after talks with Polish Climate Minister Anna Moskwa.\n\nUS Defense Secretary addresses reporters at Ramstein\n\nThe US has convened more than 20 nations at the Ramstein Air Base in Germany on behalf of Ukraine\'s defense. Speaking at the event, Lloyd Austin, the US Secretary of Defense, told reporters that "we have to move at the speed of war."\n\nAustin said the US was determined to make better use of the US European Command\'s coordination mechanism and would extend the forum for Ukraine\'s defense into a monthly contact group.\n\n"We do want to make it harder for Russia to threaten its neighbors and make it less able to do that," Austin said.\n\nAustin went on to express sharp criticism of Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, who warned on Monday that World War III might be looming.\n\n"You\'ve heard us say a number of times that that kind of rhetoric is very dangerous and unhelpful," Austin said. "Nobody wants to see a nuclear war happen. Dangerous rhetoric is clearly unhelpful. And something that we won\'t engage in," he added.\n\nUkraine concerned by destabilization in Trans-Dniester\n\nUkraine says it is concerned by attempts to worsen the security situation in Moldova\'s pro-Russian breakaway province of Trans-Dniester.\n\nMykhaylo Podolyak, a Ukraine presidential aide said in a post on Twitter: "Russia wants to destabilize the Transnistrian region and hints Moldova should wait for \'guests,\'" wrote on Twitter.\n\n"Bad news: if Ukraine falls tomorrow Russian troops will be at Chisinau\'s gates," Podolyak said, referring Moldova\'s capital. "Good news: Ukraine will definitely ensure strategic security of the region. But we need to work as a team," Podolyak added.\n\nIt comes after several apparent attacks in the region. In the past day, attacks have reportedly targeted a military unit, the state security headquarters and an old Soviet-era radio antennae.\n\nThe head of the breakaway province, also known as Transnistria or Transdniestra in English, claimed that the apparent attacks could be traced back to Ukraine.\n\n"I assume that those who organized this attack have the purpose of dragging Transdniestria into the conflict," self-styled president, Vadim Krasnoselsky, was quoted as saying by Russian news agency TASS.\n\nHis office has established a "red" level of "terrorist threat" for the next 15 days and canceled public Victory Day events on May 9, citing safety concerns.\n\nMoscow, which deploys troops in the region, also voiced serious concern and blamed Ukraine.\n\nMoldovan President Maia Sandu has urged citizens to remain calm, saying she had stepped up security measures and convened the country\'s Supreme Security Council.\n\nShe condemned the apparent attacks, in which no one was injured.\n\nShe blamed the attack on "internal differences between various groups in Trans-Dniester that have an interest in destabilising the situation."\n\nLast week, a senior Russian military officer said Russia aims to take control of Ukraine\'s south and open a land corridor to the region.\n\nDefense journalist: German \'tanks\' could be a real help for Kyiv\n\nSecurity and defense journalist Thomas Wiegold has told DW the Gepard vehicles that Berlin has approved for delivery could make a real difference to Ukraine\'s fight in terms of anti-aircraft capability.\n\nAlthough they are known as tanks, Wiegold said, the Gepard — also known as Cheetah — vehicles are more of an anti-aircraft cannon mounted on an armored chassis.\n\n"They can make quite a difference. The German army has taken them out of use almost a decade ago, not because they were obsolete, but because at that time the Bundeswehr was scaling down and they had no use for it anymore."\n\n"I think they regretted it, meanwhile, because short-range air defense is much in demand everywhere now and especially in Ukraine. So, the Ukrainians can make use of it, of course."\n\nWiegold said that technically, the German government was only approving the German industry selling equipment to Ukraine, rather than sending it directly.\n\nHe said that, although an apparent U-turn, the decision "allows the government to convey the idea it\'s not that new, because it\'s not German [military] stock."\n\nWiegold said that much of the valuable heavy weaponry was coming from former Warsaw Pact countries that, like Ukraine, relied on Soviet-era equipment. However, he said that further down the line, the West would have to start sharing newer equipment, and train Ukrainians in how to use it.\n\n"If the West wants to continue supporting Ukraine, they have to think about starting training Ukrainians on Western systems to deliver Western systems as well."\n\nErdogan and Putin discuss peace talks, protecting civilians\n\nThe Kremlin says Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin have discussed Moscow\'s efforts to ensure the safety of civilians in Ukraine.\n\nThe Kremlin said in a statement that the two leaders spoke about "efforts made by Russia on a constant basis to ensure the safety of peaceful civilians, including the organisation of humanitarian corridors."\n\nIn response to Erdogan\'s questions on the besieged southeastern port city of Mariupol, Putin said "the city is liberated and combat operations are not going on there," according to the Russian statement.\n\nHundreds of civilians are still sheltering in the city\'s huge Azovstal industrial area while Ukrainian troops are still resisting Russia.\n\nPutin told Erdogan that Kyiv should "take political responsibility and for humanitarian reasons, order them [the troops] to lay down arms," the Kremlin said.\n\nThey also discussed the safety of Turkish ships sailing from Black Sea ports through a cooperation of defense ministries.\n\nThe Turkish side released a statement saying Erdogan urged Putin to agree to direct talks with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy.\n\nErdogan proposed taking the "Istanbul process to the level of leaders, a crucial threshold in the Russia-Ukraine negotiations," according to the statement. Talks have so far stalled over accusations of Russian war crimes. Putin later said peace efforts were at a dead end.\n\nPoland to sanction 50 Russian entities and people\n\nPoland has announced it will impose sanctions on 50 Russian entities and invidiuals.\n\nThe sanctions come in addition to current European Union measures, according to Polish Interior Minister Mariusz Kaminski.\n\nThe list includes Gas giant Gazprom and Moshe Kantor, who owns part of Poland\'s state-owned chemicals group Azoty.\n\nCompanies on the list will have their assets frozen and be excluded from public tenders, while Russian oligarchs on the list will be banned from entering Poland.\n\nUN ready to save lives in Mariupol — UN chief\n\nUN General Secretary Antonio Guterres said during a meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov that the organization is ready to fully mobilize its resources to save lives in Mariupol.\n\n"The United Nations is ready to fully mobilize its human and logistical resources to help save lives in Mariupol," Guterres said.\n\nGuterres also proposed coordinated work with the Red Cross to allow people to evacuate from the Azovstal steel plant in the city. Civilians and Ukrainian troops have been holed up in the plant for weeks.\n\n"Thousands of civilians are in dire need of lifesaving humanitarian assistance, and many have evacuated," Guterres said.\n\nGuterres said that he was concerned about possible war crimes in Ukraine, adding that they require independent investigation.\n\nUN chief meets Putin in Moscow\n\nUN Secretary General Antonio Guterres is holding a joint press conference with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov following talks about the war in Moscow. He had also been due to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin.\n\nThis is the first in-person visit from Guterres since the start of Russia\'s invasion of Ukraine.\n\nDuring an earlier meeting with Lavrov, Guterres called for a cease-fire to be implemented "as soon as possible."\n\nRussia expels three Swedish diplomats\n\nRussia said it was expelling three Swedish diplomats in a retaliatory move against Stockholm.\n\nIn early April, Sweden said it was expelling three Russian diplomats who it accused of conducting "illegal operations" there.\n\nRussia\'s Foreign ministry said it summoned the Swedish ambassador to Russia and "strongly protested" the expulsion of Russian diplomats and Sweden\'s "military support to the Kyiv regime."\n\nThe ministry accused Sweden of "covering up the crimes of Ukrainian nationalists against the civilian population of Donbas and Ukraine."\n\n"In response to this, the Russian side decided to declare persona non grata three diplomats of the Swedish embassy in Russia," the ministry said.\n\nCease-fire needed as soon as possible — UN chief says in Moscow\n\nUN Secretary General Antonio Guterres said that conditions for a cease-fire should be created as soon as possible.\n\n"We are extremely interested in finding ways in order to create the conditions for effective dialogue, create the conditions for a ceasefire as soon as possible, create the conditions for a peaceful solution," Guterres said at a meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in Moscow. He added that the priority is to "minimize human suffering" in Ukraine.\n\nGuterres is scheduled to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin following his meeting with Lavrov.\n\nUkrainian troops to train on German soil — Defense Minister\n\nGerman Defense Minister Christine Lambrecht said Ukrainian troops will be trained on German soil. The remarks stem from a statement she gave at the Ramstein US air base in Germany during a US-hosted defense conference.\n\n"We are working together with our American friends to train Ukrainian troops on artillery systems on German soil," Lambert said, according to a transcript seen by DW.\n\n"We will, along with the Netherlands, provide self-propelled howitzer and ammunition training to Ukraine, as we all know that artillery is an essential factor in this conflict."\n\nLambrecht addressed criticism leveled at Germany for not delivering heavier weaponry to Ukraine, and pointed to the government\'s decision to provide anti-aircraft tanks as progress.\n\nUN disarmament expert does not expect Russia to use nuclear weapons\n\nPavel Podvig, a senior researcher at the United Nations Institute for Disarmament Research, told DW on Tuesday that he does not envisage Russia using nuclear weapons, despite the Kremlin leaving the door open to such tactics.\n\n"I don\'t think that we are that close," to seeing nuclear weapons used in this war, he said. "And the main reason for that is that there are simply no plausible military missions for nuclear weapons in this type of war."\n\nBut Podvig stopped short of saying Russian President Vladimir Putin would refrain from using tactical nuclear weapons.\n\n"It\'s hard for me to say with certainty whether he would refrain from that," he said.\n\nPodvig\'s comments come after Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said he would not want to see a nuclear confrontation, but that "the danger is serious" and "should not be underestimated."\n\nWatch video 04:39 UN expert: \'No plausible missions for nuclear weapons\' in Ukraine\n\nMoldova reports blasts in breakaway Trans-Dniester region\n\nMoldovan authorities have reported two blasts that damaged Soviet-era radio masts in the breakaway Trans-Dniester region. Authorities said a military unit was also targeted.\n\nMoldovan President Maia Sandu convened an urgent security meeting following the blasts.\n\nThe breakaway Trans-Dniester region seceded from Moldova in 1992 along with Russian backing, although Moscow has not officially recognized the region\'s independence. The region borders Ukraine and Kyiv has voiced concerns that it could be used as a staging ground for Russian attacks.\n\n"In the early morning of April 26, two explosions occurred in the village of Maiac, Grigoriopol district: the first at 6:40 and the second at 7:05," the interior ministry of the in self-proclaimed "Pridnestrovian Moldavian Republic" (PMR) said.\n\nKremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said that the reports of blasts in the Trans-Dniester region were a cause for serious concern and Moscow was closely following the events.\n\nUN expects 8.3 million to flee Ukraine this year\n\nThe UN refugee agency (UNHCR) said on Tuesday that it expects some 8.3 million people to flee Ukraine this year.\n\nUNHCR had previously planned for some 4 million refugees in the immediate aftermath of Russia\'s invasion of Ukraine.\n\nMore than 12.7 million people have fled their homes in Ukraine in the past two months, UNHCR spokesperson Shabia Mantoo said. This included 7.7 million internally displaced people and 5 million people who fled Ukraine across international borders.\n\n"The scale of the crisis, definitely the rapidity of people fleeing, we have not seen in recent times," Mantoo said at a UN news briefing. Mantoo added that Syria has the biggest current refugee crisis in the world, with 6.8 million people having fled the country.\n\nWatch video 05:00 Germany: Russian monks help Ukrainians, despite Russian Orthodox Church support for war\n\nUN doubles Ukraine aid appeal to $2.25 billion\n\nThe United Nations\' humanitarian agency (UN OCHA) said that it has been forced to double its aid appeal to $2.25 billion (€2.11 billion) as the humanitarian situation in the country worsens.\n\n"Over $2.25 billion is now required for needs inside Ukraine, more than double of the amount requested ($1.1 billion) when we launched the appeal on 1 March, a few days after the war began," the UN OCHA said in a statement.\n\nUS, allies will \'move heaven and Earth\' to meet Ukrainian security requirements — Defense Secretary\n\nUS Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin said that the aim of the conference at the air base in Ramstein, Germany was to "help Ukraine win the fight against Russia\'s unjust invasion," as well as to "build up Ukraine\'s defenses for tomorrow\'s challenges."\n\nAustin said that he discussed with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy Kyiv\'s "changing requirements" as Russia focuses on Ukraine\'s eastern Donbas region. Austin said that the US and its allies will "keep moving heaven and Earth" to meet Ukraine\'s security requirements.\n\n"Ukraine needs our help to win today, and they will still need our help when the war is over," Austin said. He added that the US and its allies have committed more than $5 billion of equipment to support Ukraine\'s defense since the start of the war.\n\nThe defense secretary said that Ukraine "has done a magnificent job defending its sovereignty against Russia\'s unprovoked invasion."\n\nAustin said that Ukraine\'s allies had provided assistance at "record speed," adding that "Putin never imagined that the world would rally behind Ukraine so swiftly."\n\nReferring to Russian troop withdrawal from areas around Ukraine\'s capital, Austin said that the war was "entering a new phase" following what he called "Russia\'s defeat at the battle of Kyiv."\n\n"Russia is waging a war of choice to indulge the ambitions of one man," Austin said, alluding to Russian President Vladimir Putin. "Ukraine is fighting a war of necessity to defend its democracy, its sovereignty and its citizens."\n\nWatch video 01:06 Austin: \'We\'re here to help Ukraine win the fight against Russia\'s unjust invasion\'\n\nExplosions hit radio facility in Russia-backed Trans-Dniester\n\nPolice in the breakaway Moldovan region of Trans-Dniester said that two explosions knocked two powerful antennas out of service in a radio facility close to Ukrainian border. The interior ministry of the region said those antennas were re-broadcasting Russian radio.\n\nThe incident occurred in a small town of Maiac about 50 kilometres (30 miles) from the regional capital Tiraspol and roughly 12 kilometers (7 miles) west of the border with Ukraine. No one was hurt in the explosions, officials said.\n\nThe explosions come just a day after several explosions believed to be caused by rocket-propelled grenades were reported to hit the state security ministry in Tiraspol.\n\nMoldovan President Maia Sandu is convening a meeting of the country\'s Supreme Security Council on Tuesday over incidents that took place in Trans-Dniester.\n\nTrans-Dniester is a narrow strip of land on the east bank of the Dniester River, sandwiched between Ukraine and Moldova. The breakaway region seceded from Moldova after a brief military conflict in 1992 following the collapse of the Soviet Union.\n\nIn this conflict, separatists were supported by Moscow. Russia still has a military base there.\n\nA senior Russian military official, Rustam Minnekayev, said last week that Russian forces aim to take full control of southern Ukraine, saying such a move would open the way to Trans-Dniester.\n\nGermany confirms it will send tanks to Ukraine\n\nThe German government confirmed reports that it will approve a delivery of "Gepard" anti-aircraft tanks to Ukraine, according to a statement seen by DW.\n\nGerman Defense Minister Christina Lambrecht will announce the move during opening remarks at Ramstein air base, coming at the start of a US-hosted conference on Ukraine.\n\n"Yesterday we decided that Germany will make the delivery of "Gepard" anti-aircraft tanks possible to Ukraine," Lambrecht is expected to say, according to the statement.\n\nThe confirmation comes after German media reported on the move. Chancellor Olaf Scholz\'s government has come under increasing pressure over not yet sending heavy weapons to Ukraine.\n\nUS kicks off Ukraine conference at Ramstein air base\n\nA defense conference on securing Ukraine\'s long-term security is now underway at the US airbase in Ramstein, Germany.\n\nUS Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin has invited around 40 countries to the conference. While many NATO members will be present, a number of the countries invited are not NATO member states.\n\nThe attendees will include NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg and German Defense Minister Christine Lambrecht.\n\nThe meeting seeks to boost weapons deliveries to Ukraine and bolster the country\'s long-term security.\n\nAustin and US Secretary of State Antony Blinken spoke with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on Sunday and pledged additional military assistance to Kyiv. Austin and Blinken are expected to brief allies on Ukraine\'s security needs during the conference.\n\nWatch video 02:05 US to host talks on assistance for Ukraine in Germany\n\nNo imminent threat of direct confrontation with Russia — UK armed forces minister\n\nBritish Armed Forces Minister James Heappey said he did not think there was an imminent threat of escalation in the war in Ukraine leading to nuclear conflict.\n\n"What the West is doing to support its allies in Ukraine is very well calibrated ... Everything we do is calibrated to avoid direct confrontation with Russia," Heappy told BBC television.\n\nHeappey\'s remarks follow a statement by Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, who said that NATO was "in essence engaged in war with Russia through a proxy" and that the "risks" of nuclear escalation were "considerable."\n\n"Lavrov\'s trademark over the course of 15 years or so that he has been the Russian foreign secretary has been that sort of bravado. I don\'t think that right now there is an imminent threat of escalation," Heappey said.\n\nHeappy also told Sky News that it is not NATO that is providing military support to Ukraine.\n\n"The donor effort is something that has been brought together by countries that are yes, many of them are from NATO, but others are from beyond ... it is not NATO that is doing the military aid," Heappy said.\n\nWatch video 02:00 Will Putin use \'tactical\' nuclear weapons in Ukraine?\n\nGermany reportedly to supply Ukraine with \'Gepard\' tanks\n\nAccording to the dpa news agency, Germany\'s federal government intends to allow tanks from industry stocks to be delivered to Ukraine. German defense company Krauss-Maffei Wegmann will be given the green light to sell "Gepard" anti-aircraft tanks from previous Bundeswehr stocks, dpa reported.\n\nGermany\'s Süddeutsche Zeitung newspaper reported that Defense Minister Christine Lambrecht will pledge the anti-aircraft tanks to Ukraine during today\'s meeting at the Ramstein US air base.\n\nUS Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin said on Monday following a meeting with Ukrainian officials that Kyiv had requested tanks as it seeks to adapt to the shifting conditions of the conflict.\n\nGermany is reportedly to supply Ukraine with anti-aircraft "Gepard" tanks\n\nKreminna in Luhansk region has fallen — UK defense ministry\n\nBritain\'s Defense Ministry said in a Tuesday intelligence update that the town of Kreminna in Ukraine\'s eastern Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to Russian forces.\n\nRussian troops are attempting to advance north to Sloviansk and east to Kramatorsk, according to the ministry.\n\n"Russian forces are likely attempting to encircle heavily fortified Ukrainian positions in the east of Ukraine," the intelligence update said, adding that Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in the southeastern city of Zaporizhzhia.\n\nUK drops import tariffs on goods from Ukraine to zero\n\nThe UK has dropped tariffs on all goods coming from Ukraine, following a direct request from Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy.\n\n"The UK will continue to do everything in its power to support Ukraine\'s fight against Putin\'s brutal and unprovoked invasion," British International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan said.\n\nThe average tariff on Ukrainian imports was about 22%.\n\nThe British government said it would also impose further export bans on products to Russia, including cash, maritime goods and technology, and energy-related goods.\n\nUkraine wants UN to seek Mariupol evacuation\n\nUkraine has urged UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres to press Russia for an evacuation of the besieged port of Mariupol. Guterres is set to meet Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in Moscow on Tuesday.\n\nThe UN chief "should focus primarily on one issue, evacuation of Mariupol," Ukraine Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba told The Associated Press in an interview.\n\n"This is really something that the UN is capable of doing. And if he demonstrates political will, character, and integrity, I hope that will allow us to make one step forward," he said.\n\nRussian forces have surrounded fighters in the last Ukrainian stronghold in the Azovstal steel plant, but an estimated 100,000 civilians are also trapped in the city.\n\nKuleba also said he was concerned Guterres could fall into a Kremlin "trap." He cited trips to the Russian capital by foreign officials ahead of the invasion on February 24 as evidence of the Kremlin dictating diplomacy.\n\nOn Thursday, Guterres is expected to head to Ukraine for talks with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Foreign Minister Kuleba.\n\nWatch video 02:00 Ukrainian troops still holding out in Mariupol\n\nZelenskyy urges Ukrainians to make country \'unbearable\' for Russian occupation\n\nUkraine\'s president, Volodymyr Zelenskyy, called Ukrainians to think of how to make "the presence of occupiers at our land even more unbearable."\n\nIn his nightly address, Zelenskyy predicted Russia would lose the war, but said it would require sacrifice.\n\n"Every day of the fight will add years and years to the peaceful life after this war, after our victory," Zelenskyy said.\n\nHe was aware the Ukrainians wanted to know "when it all be over," but said "there is no simple answer to that at this time."\n\nUS to host Ukraine-focused defense talks at Germany\'s Ramstein air base\n\nThe US military expects officials from more than 20 countries to attend talks on Tuesday at Ramstein Air Base in Germany focused on arming Ukraine.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin is hosting the event following a trip to Kyiv, where he pledged additional support to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy.\n\nIn remarks following his appearance in Kyiv on Monday, Austin said he would like "to see Russia weakened to the point where it can\'t do things like invade Ukraine."\n\nGeneral Mark Milley, chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff, said a key goal of the talks was to synchronize and coordinate security assistance to Kyiv that includes heavy weaponry, like howitzer artillery and well-armed drones and ammunition.\n\n"The next several weeks will be very, very critical," Milley told reporters traveling with him to Germany.\n\n"They need continued support in order to be successful on the battlefield. And that\'s really the purpose of this conference."\n\nNATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg is expected to attend the meeting, along with representatives from NATO and non-NATO countries.\n\nWatch video 03:34 US now clearly willing to provide Ukraine with what they need: military expert\n\nLavrov says NATO engaged in \'proxy war\' with Russia\n\nRussian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov told Russian state television that NATO was "in essence engaged in war with Russia through a proxy" by supplying weapons to Ukraine.\n\nSpeaking to the Russian First Channel he said, "these weapons will be a legitimate target for Russia\'s military."\n\n"Storage facilities in western Ukraine have been targeted more than once [by Russian forces]. How can it be otherwise? War means war," he said.\n\nThe foreign minister also said Monday evening that Moscow wants to reduce the chance of "artificially" elevating the risks of a nuclear conflict.\n\n"This is our key position on which we base everything. The risks now are considerable," Lavrov said.\n\nThe top diplomat said peace talks with Ukraine would continue.\n\nHe conceded the war in Ukraine would probably end finish with the signing of an accord but added the terms would depend on the military situation in the country at the time.\n\nAfter Lavrov\'s interview, Ukrainian foreign minister Dmytro Kuleba wrote on Twitter that Russia had lost its "last hope to scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\n"This only means Moscow senses defeat," he added.\n\nSummary of Monday\'s events in the Ukraine-Russia crisis\n\nVadym Boychenko, the mayor of the besieged city of Mariupol, said a new mass grave had been identified 10 kilometers (6 miles) north of the city. Several victims were located there, though authorities are trying to identify how many victims are in the unmarked graves.\n\nRussia said it expelled 40 German diplomats in response to Berlin\'s decision to kick out Russian diplomats over the conflict in Ukraine. Germany Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock said the move was unjustified as the Russian staff expelled from Germany had been "spies" rather than diplomats.\n\nWatch video 02:42 Russia expels German diplomats: Leonie von Hammerstein reports\n\nFinnish newspaper Italehti has reported Finland and Sweden have agreed to submit NATO applications at the same time during the week of May 16.\n\nSwedish paper Expressen writes that its sources confirm there is an agreement between the two countries.\n\nUkrainian Railways reported that five train stations in central and western Ukraine had come under fire and had been hit by missile strikes. Russia\'s Defense Ministry claimed it used missiles to destroy facilities powering the railways supplying Ukrainian forces with foreign weapons.\n\nAbout 15,000 Russian troops have been killed since Russia invaded Ukraine, UK Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said. Ukraine has claimed 22,000 Russian troops were killed since the invasion. Russia has acknowledged only 1,351 military deaths.\n\nUS Secretary of State Antony Blinken says Russia is trying to brutalize parts of Ukraine but failing in its war aims.\n\nAfter a visit to Kyiv, Blinken said Russia\'s military was underperforming, and its economy was "in shambles" due to sanctions and a mass "exodus" from the country.\n\nWatch video 02:54 Russian missiles strike Ukrainian rail stations\n\nYou can revisit our live updates from April 25 here.\n\nsi, lo, aw/wmr, rs, mhm (AFP, AP, dpa, Reuters)', 'image': 'https://static.dw.com/image/61602081_6.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:19'}
{'title': '“To Kill The Bear” - Why Total Victory Over Russia Is Frightening, And Necessary', 'keywords': ['frightening', 'ukrainian', 'language', 'ukraine', 'necessary', 'population', 'total', 'city', 'mother', 'victory', 'languages', 'ukrainians', 'mariupol', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0911, 'subjectivity': 0.2554, 'link': 'https://worldcrunch.com/world-affairs/putin-russia-kill-the-bear', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:21', 'summary': 'As of 2001, when the last census was conducted, 89.5% of the city\'s population identified Russian as their mother tongue.\nFor reasons of history, culture and the similarities of the two languages, Ukraine is effectively a bilingual nation.\n"The overwhelming majority of the population speaks both languages, Russian and Ukrainian,” Mishchenko explains.\nGeographically, the Russian language is more dominant in the eastern and central parts of Ukraine, and Ukrainian in the west.\nI write professionally in three languages: Ukrainian, Russian and English, and can also speak Polish, French, and a bit Japanese.', 'channel': 'worldcrunch.com', 'text': 'Then there is Mariupol, under siege and symbol of Putin’s cruelty. In the largest city on the Azov Sea, with a population of half a million people, Ukrainians make up slightly less than half of the city\'s population, and Mariupol\'s second-largest national ethnicity is Russians. As of 2001, when the last census was conducted, 89.5% of the city\'s population identified Russian as their mother tongue.\n\nThe martyrdom of Mariupol Between 2018 and 2019, I spent several months in Mariupol. It is a rugged but beautiful city dotted with Soviet-era architecture, featuring wide avenues and hillside parks, and an extensive industrial zone stretching along the shoreline. There was a vibrant youth culture and art scene, with students developing projects to turn their city into a regional cultural center with an international photography festival. There were also many offices of international NGOs and human rights organizations, a consequence of the fact that Mariupol was the last major city before entering the occupied zone of Donbas. Many natives of the contested regions of Luhansk and Donetsk had moved there, taking jobs in restaurants and hospitals. I had fond memories of the welcoming from locals who were quicker to smile than in some other parts of Ukraine. All of this is gone. Putin is bombing the very people he has claimed to want to rescue. According to the latest data from the local authorities, 80% of the port city has been destroyed by Russian bombs, artillery fire and missile attacks, with particularly egregious targeting of civilians, including a maternity hospital, a theater where more than 1,000 people had taken shelter and a school where some 400 others were hiding. The official civilian death toll of Mariupol is estimated at more than 3,000 . There are no language or ethnic-based statistics of the victims, but it’s likely the majority were Russian speakers. So let’s be clear, Putin is bombing the very people he has claimed to want to rescue. Putin’s Public Enemy No. 1, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, is a mother-tongue Russian speaker who’d made a successful acting and comedy career in Russian-language broadcasting, having extensively toured Russian cities for years.\n\nRescuers carry a person injured during a shelling by Russian troops of Kharkiv, northeastern Ukraine. Vyacheslav Madiyevskyy/Ukrinform via ZUMA Press Wire\n\nA bilingual nation Yes, the official language of Ukraine is Ukrainian, and a 2019 law aimed to ensure that it is used in public discourse, but no one has ever sought to abolish the Russian language in everyday life. In none of the cities that are now being bombed by the Russian army to supposedly liberate them has the Russian language been suppressed or have the Russian-speaking population been discriminated against. Sociologist Mikhail Mishchenko explains that studies have found that the vast majority of Ukrainians don’t consider language a political issue. For reasons of history, culture and the similarities of the two languages, Ukraine is effectively a bilingual nation. "The overwhelming majority of the population speaks both languages, Russian and Ukrainian,” Mishchenko explains. “Those who say they understand Russian poorly and have difficulty communicating in it are just over 4% percent. Approximately the same number of people say the same about Ukrainian.” In general, there is no problem of communication and understanding. Often there will be conversations where one person speaks Ukrainian, and the other responds in Russian. Geographically, the Russian language is more dominant in the eastern and central parts of Ukraine, and Ukrainian in the west.\n\nA daughter of Kyiv Like most central Ukrainians I am perfectly bilingual: for me, Ukrainian and Russian are both native languages that I have used since childhood in Kyiv. My generation grew up on Russian rock, post-Soviet cinema, and translations of foreign literature into Russian. I communicate in Russian with my sister, and with my mother and daughter in Ukrainian. I write professionally in three languages: Ukrainian, Russian and English, and can also speak Polish, French, and a bit Japanese. My mother taught me that the more languages I know the more human I am. At the same time, I am not Russian — nor British or Polish. I am Ukrainian. Ours is a nation with a long history and culture of its own, which has always included a multi-ethnic population: Russians, Belarusians, Moldovans, Crimean Tatars, Bulgarians, Romanians, Hungarians, Poles, Jews, Greeks. We all, they all, have found our place on Ukrainian soil. We speak different languages, pray in different churches, we have different traditions, clothes, and cuisine. My mother taught me that the more languages I know the more human I am. Like in other countries, these differences have been the source of conflict in our past. But it is who we are and will always be, and real progress has been made over the past three decades to embrace our multitudes. Our Jewish, Russian-speaking president is the most visible proof of that — and is in fact part of what our soldiers are fighting for. Many in Moscow were convinced that Russian troops would be welcomed in Ukraine as liberating heroes by Russian speakers. Instead, young soldiers are forced to shoot at people who scream in their native language.\n\nStarving people ina street of Kharkiv in 1933, during the famine Diocesan Archive of Vienna (Diözesanarchiv Wien)/BA Innitzer', 'image': 'https://worldcrunch.com/media-library/a-destroyed-russian-tank-remains-in-the-yard-of-a-private-house-in-hostomel-ukraine.jpg?id=29726188&width=1200&coordinates=0%2C408%2C0%2C408&height=600', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:21'}
{'title': 'Russia-Ukraine War (April 25): Mariupol Officials Say New Mass Grave Found', 'keywords': ['ministry', 'ukrainian', 'mass', 'grave', 'oil', 'foreign', 'defense', 'forces', 'mariupol', 'say', 'officials', 'military', 'russiaukraine', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0301, 'subjectivity': 0.2646, 'link': 'https://www.theepochtimes.com/live-updates-russia-ukraine-war-april-25_4424882.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:40', 'summary': '(Maxar Technologies via Reuters)Russia–Ukraine War (April 25): Mariupol Officials Say New Mass Grave FoundThe latest on the Russia–Ukraine crisis, April 25.\nMariupol Officials Say New Mass Grave FoundOfficials in the embattled Ukrainian city of Mariupol say a new mass grave has been identified north of the city.\nRead the full article here____17 Dead in Russian Military Research Facility Fire on April 21At least 17 people have died in last week’s fire at a Russian military research facility, authorities said Monday.\nReacting to these comments, Ukrainian Foreign Ministry spokesman Oleg Nikolenko released a strong-worded statement on Sunday.\n_____Fire Erupts at Russian Oil Depot Near Border With UkraineA fire has erupted at a Russian oil depot near the border with Ukraine.', 'channel': 'theepochtimes.com', 'text': 'Satellite image of more trenches dug into land outside Mariupol, Ukraine, on April 15, 2022. (Maxar Technologies via Reuters)\n\nRussia–Ukraine War (April 25): Mariupol Officials Say New Mass Grave Found\n\nThe latest on the Russia–Ukraine crisis, April 25. Click here for updates from April 24.\n\nMariupol Officials Say New Mass Grave Found\n\nOfficials in the embattled Ukrainian city of Mariupol say a new mass grave has been identified north of the city.\n\nMayor Vadym Boychenko said authorities are trying to estimate the number of victims in the grave about 10 kilometers (about 6 miles) north of Mariupol.\n\nSatellite photos released over the past several days have shown what appear to be images of other mass graves.\n\nMariupol has been decimated by fierce fighting over the past two months. The capture of the city would deprive Ukraine of a vital port and allow Moscow to establish a land corridor to the Crimean Peninsula, which it seized from Ukraine in 2014.\n\n___\n\n4 Die, 9 Wounded From Russian Shelling of Kharkiv: Governor\n\nFour people died and nine were wounded as a result of Russia‘s shelling in the Kharkiv region on Monday, Oleh Synegubov, the region’s governor told Ukraine‘s public broadcaster.\n\n___\n\nKyiv Wants UN to Seek Mariupol Evacuation\n\nUkraine’s foreign minister on Monday urged the U.N. chief to press Russia for an evacuation of the besieged port of Mariupol, calling it something the world body is capable of achieving.\n\nForeign Minister Dmytro Kuleba told The Associated Press in an interview he was concerned that by visiting Moscow on Tuesday before traveling to Kyiv, U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres could be vulnerable to falling into a Kremlin “trap” in the war.\n\nKuleba said Guterres “should focus primarily on one issue: evacuation of Mariupol.\n\nAn estimated 100,000 people are trapped in the seaside city while a contingent of Ukrainian fighters hold out against Russian forces in a steel mill where hundreds of civilians also are taking shelter.\n\n___\n\nRussian Officer: Missile to Carry Several Hypersonic Weapons\n\nA new Russian intercontinental ballistic missile is capable of carrying several hypersonic weapons, a senior Russian military officer said Sunday.\n\nCol. Gen. Sergei Karakayev, the commander of the Russian military’s Strategic Missile Forces, said in televised remarks that the new Sarmat ICBM is designed to carry several Avangard hypersonic glide vehicles.\n\nRussia’s Defense Ministry said the Sarmat was test-fired for the first time Wednesday from the Plesetsk launch facility in northern Russia and its practice warheads have successfully reached mock targets on the Kura firing range on the far eastern Kamchatka Peninsula.\n\n___\n\nBridget Brink Named as US Ambassador to Ukraine\n\nPresident Joe Biden announced on Monday his nomination of Bridget Brink to serve as U.S. ambassador to Ukraine.\n\nBrink, a career foreign service officer, has served since 2019 as ambassador to Slovakia. She previously held assignments in Serbia, Cyprus, Georgia, and Uzbekistan as well as with the White House National Security Council. The post requires confirmation by the U.S. Senate.\n\nThe announcement comes as American diplomats prepare to return to Ukraine this coming week, although the U.S. embassy in Kyiv will remain closed for now.\n\n___\n\nUS Wants to See Russian Military ‘Weakened’\n\nThe United States wants to see the Russian military “weakened” amid the invasion of Ukraine, said Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin on Monday as he and Secretary of State Antony Blinken met with officials in Europe.\n\n“We want to see Russia weakened to the degree that it can’t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine,” Austin told reporters, according to a transcript.\n\nHis remarks on Monday are perhaps the most explicit yet from a White House official on the Biden administration’s goals in the conflict, representing a sharpening of rhetoric toward the Russian government as the conflict enters its third month. Austin made the comments while speaking with Blinken at a press conference in Poland, a day after the pair visited Kyiv to meet with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on providing more military assistance.\n\nWhen asked about the United States’ “goals for success” amid the conflict, Austin responded, “Ukraine remains a sovereign country, a democratic country, able to protect its sovereign territory.” But then he told reporters that he wants to see Russia’s military capacity diminished.\n\n“It has already lost a lot of military capability and a lot of its troops, quite frankly, and we want to see them not have the capability to very quickly reproduce that capability,” Austin added.\n\nRead the full article here\n\n___\n\nUS Promises More Ukraine Aid\n\nSecretary of State Antony Blinken and Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin said Monday after a secrecy-shrouded visit to Kyiv that Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy is committed to winning his country’s fight against Russia and that the United States will help him achieve that goal.\n\n“He has the mindset that they want to win, and we have the mindset that we want to help them win,” Austin told reporters in Poland, the day after the three-hour face-to-face meeting with Zelenskyy in Ukraine.\n\nAustin said that the nature of the fight in Ukraine had changed now that Russia has pulled away from the wooded northern regions to focus on the eastern industrial heartland of the Donbass. Because the nature of the fight has evolved, so have Ukraine’s military needs, and Zelenskyy is now focused on more tanks, artillery, and other munitions.\n\n“The first step in winning is believing that you can win,” Austin said. “We believe that they can win if they have the right equipment, the right support, and we’re going to do everything we can … to ensure that gets to them.”\n\n____\n\nUkraine Removes Hirohito From Video After Japan Protests\n\nUkraine’s government has apologized and removed a photo of Japanese wartime monarch Hirohito from a video showing him with Adolf Hitler and Benito Mussolini after Japan protested, officials said Monday.\n\nJapan will continue to support Ukrainians who are defending their country from Russia’s invasion despite the “completely inappropriate” portrayal of Hirohito, Deputy Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihiko Isozaki said.\n\nThe video, posted by the Ukrainian government on Twitter on April 1, criticized Russia’s invasion as “rashism.” Underneath the photos of the three World War II-era leaders were the words “Fascism and Nazism were defeated in 1945.”\n\nJapan fought World War II in the name of Hirohito. Historical evaluations of his role in the war remain divided.\n\nIsozaki said Japan lodged a protest and demanded the removal of Hirohito’s image, which Ukraine has done.\n\n“Our sincere apologies to Japan for making this mistake,” the Ukrainian government said on Twitter Sunday. “We had no intention to offend the friendly people of Japan.”\n\n_____\n\nNumber of Expelled Russian Diplomats Revealed\n\nAround 400 Russian diplomats have been expelled from 28 countries since the launch of Moscow’s military operation in Ukraine, the Russian Foreign Ministry revealed on Monday.\n\nAccording to Deputy Foreign Minister Evgeny Ivanov, diplomatic expulsions became the preferred method of the West even before Feb. 24. Calling the seizure of Russian assets abroad another “unfriendly” measure, he said these actions “will not go unanswered.”\n\n“We counteract where we can, up to appealing to the courts. Unfriendly actions do not go unanswered in the legislative sphere either,” Ivanov said during a parliamentary meeting, as cited by Russian media.\n\nMoscow has previously warned that it would retaliate to all expulsions of its diplomats. On Monday, the Russian Foreign Ministry summoned German Ambassador Geza Andreas von Geyr to express “strong protest” over Berlin’s earlier decision to expel 40 employees of Russian diplomatic institutions. As a “symmetrical response,” 40 employees of German diplomatic institutions in Russia have been designated persona non grata, the ministry announced.\n\n_____\n\nPutin Says US and Its Allies of Trying to ‘Split Russian Society’\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin has accused the United States and its allies of trying to “split Russian society.”\n\nSpeaking Monday at a meeting with top officials at the Prosecutor General’s office, Putin said Russia has come under “unprecedented Western sanctions” amid its military action in Ukraine.\n\nHe charged that the United States and its allies have sought to “split the Russian society and to destroy Russia from within,” adding that their plans have failed.\n\nPutin urged Russian prosecutors to act more quickly to block unsanctioned demonstrations organized from abroad. He also noted that they should focus on exposing “open provocations” against the Russian military allegedly involving international media and social platforms.\n\n_____\n\nNATO Warships Arrive at Finnish Port for Training Exercises\n\nThree NATO warships arrived in the southwestern Finnish port of Turku on Monday to train with Finland’s navy as Helsinki considers the possibility of joining the U.S.–led alliance amid increased tensions with Russia over Ukraine.\n\nLatvian minelayer LVNS Virsaitis and minehunters Estonian ENS Sakala and Dutch HNLMS Schiedam will train with two minehunters from Finland’s coastal fleet, the Finnish defense forces said in a statement.\n\nThe two-day exercise, set to commence on April 28, will prepare the Finnish ships to take part in NATO response forces in 2022 and focus on “mine countermeasures and working in a multinational framework,” the statement said.\n\nFinnish Prime Minister Sanna Marin said on April 13 that her country would take a decision in the next few weeks about whether to apply to join NATO.\n\n_____\n\nPutin Outlines Position on Foreign Firms\n\nRussia faces unprecedented sanctions pressure that continues to intensify, President Vladimir Putin said on Monday, noting that despite the prevailing conditions, the country’s economy has the opportunity to function stably and smoothly. He has promised to support businesses as much as possible, including foreign firms that have stayed in Russia.\n\nTo do that, it is necessary to respect the rights of business owners and support them to the full, including by reducing the administrative burden, Putin said. Foreign companies that have remained in Russia despite sanctions pressure should be allowed to “work peacefully,” he added.\n\nThe Russian president earlier instructed the government to allocate additional resources to support small and medium-sized businesses and create better growth conditions for new industries based on new and yet-to-be-developed supply chains. Putin also said he believes that sanctions will result in new leaders emerging in the Russian market.\n\n____\n\nRussia Investigates Large Oil Depot Fire in Region Near Ukraine\n\nRussia said on Monday it would investigate the cause of a large fire that erupted in the early hours of the morning at an oil storage facility in the city of Bryansk 154 km (96 miles) northeast of the border with Ukraine.\n\nUnverified social media footage showed what sounded like two explosions followed by a tower of flames, with one unverified video showing a fire raging around a giant fuel reservoir.\n\nRussia’s Ministry of Emergency Situations said nobody had been hurt in the incident.\n\nThe ministry said in a statement that the fire had broken out at a facility owned by oil pipeline company Transneft at 0200 Moscow time (2300 GMT), and that there had been no need to evacuate any parts of Bryansk, a city of 400,000 people.\n\nThe Russian Energy Ministry said there was no threat to diesel and gasoline supplies in the Bryansk region after the incident and there were enough fuel stockpiles.\n\nIt added that the scale of the blaze was being assessed.\n\nOther unverified footage showed what looked like another fire burning at a second location in Bryansk.\n\n______\n\nRussia Expels 40 German Diplomats\n\nRussia is expelling 40 German diplomats in response to Germany expelling the same number of Russian diplomats earlier this month.\n\nThe Russian Foreign Ministry said Monday that it had summoned German ambassador Géza Andreas von Geyr for a “strong protest at the clearly unfriendly decision” to expel the Russian diplomatic staff.\n\nThe ministry said von Geyr was told that 40 members of staff at German diplomatic missions in Russia would be officially declared unwelcome in Russia.\n\n_____\n\nEU Official Says No ‘Unified Position’ Reached on Russian Energy Embargo\n\nThe European Union’s foreign policy chief Josep Borrell has said that insufficient support from EU member states means a complete embargo or punitive tariff on Russian oil and gas imports cannot yet be levied.\n\n“At the moment, we in the EU do not have a unified position on this question,” Borrell was quoted as saying by the German newspaper Die Welt on Monday, adding that “a final proposal for an embargo on oil and gas is not yet on the table.”\n\nBorrell’s comment comes as some EU countries, including Poland and Lithuania, are pushing for a sixth round of sanctions against Russian oil imports in the wake of Moscow’s invasion of Ukraine on Feb. 24.\n\nRead the full article here\n\n____\n\n17 Dead in Russian Military Research Facility Fire on April 21\n\nAt least 17 people have died in last week’s fire at a Russian military research facility, authorities said Monday.\n\nThe regional government in Tver, a city about 180 kilometers (112 miles) northwest of Moscow, said that so far only five of the victims had been identified.\n\nThe blaze at the Central Research Institute for Air and Space Defense of the Russian Defense Ministry in Tver erupted Thursday and it took authorities a day to put it out.\n\nOfficials previously said 27 people were injured and 13 of them were hospitalized.\n\nThe cause of the fire wasn’t immediately clear.\n\nThe research institute was involved in the development of some of the state-of-the-art Russian weapons systems, reportedly including the Iskander missile.\n\n______\n\n5 Killed by Air Strikes in Central Ukraine\n\nUkrainian authorities say at least five people have been killed by Russian strikes on the central Vynnytsia region.\n\nThe Vynnytsia regional prosecutors said another 18 people were wounded in Monday’s Russian missile strikes on the towns of Zhmerynka and Koziatyn.\n\nVinnytsia regional Governor Serhiy Borzov said earlier that the Russian missiles targeted “critical infrastructure,” but didn’t elaborate.\n\nThe Vynnytsia region is fully controlled by Ukraine and is far behind the front lines.\n\n____\n\nRussia Opens Humanitarian Corridor for Civilians From Mariupol’s Azovstal Plant\n\nRussian and Donbass forces will observe a ceasefire around the besieged Azovstal steel mill in Mariupol starting from 2 p.m. Moscow time on Monday, allowing civilians to evacuate to safety, the Russian Defense Ministry has said.\n\nCol. Gen. Mikhail Mizintsev, the head of Russia’s National Defense Management Center, said that armed units will “withdraw to a safe distance and maintain the exit of civilians from the said area in any direction they choose.”\n\n_____\n\nZelenskyy: US Talks Effective, Encouraging\n\nUkraine’s President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has hailed talks with Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin as “encouraging” and “effective.”\n\nSpeaking in Monday’s video address, he said the United States is offering “powerful” support to his country. Zelenskyy added that they agreed “on further steps to strengthen the armed forces of Ukraine and meet all the priority needs of our army.” He noted that ramping up sanctions against Moscow also was on the meeting’s agenda.\n\nBlinken and Austin said the United States had approved a $165 million sale of ammunition for Ukraine’s war effort, along with more than $300 million in foreign military financing.\n\nZelenskyy noted that Ukraine would expect the United States to lead other allies in offering a set of security guarantees in the future.\n\n_____\n\nRussia: Oil Depot Fire Won’t Cause Shortages\n\nRussia’s Energy Ministry says a massive fire at an oil depot in western Russia will not cause fuel shortages.\n\nThe ministry said in a statement that Monday’s fire inflicted damage to a depot containing diesel fuel in Bryansk, and authorities are dealing with the consequences of the blaze.\n\nThe ministry said fuel supplies to consumers haven’t been interrupted and noted that the region has enough diesel fuel for 15 days.\n\nThe Emergencies Ministry said earlier that a huge blaze erupted overnight at the depot owned by Transneft-Druzhba, a subsidiary of the Russian state-controlled company Transneft, which operates the western-bound Druzhba (Friendship) pipeline carrying crude to Europe. It wasn’t immediately clear what caused the blaze, and whether it could affect deliveries to Europe.\n\n_____\n\nRussian Gas Embargo ‘Impossible’ for Austria: Energy Minister\n\nBanning Russian natural gas imports is “currently impossible” for Austria, the country’s energy minister, Leonore Gewessler, told the press over the weekend.\n\n“Austria is 80 percent dependent on Russian gas. As painful as it is, a gas embargo is currently not possible for us, just as it is for some other countries. The essence of sanctions is to let us last longer than [Russian President] Vladimir Putin, and we cannot do that without gas,” the official told Die Presse am Sonntag.\n\n____\n\nUkraine Angry at Austrian Comments\n\nKyiv is “disappointed” by the “short-sighted” statements of Austrian Foreign Minister Alexander Schallenberg who suggested that full EU membership might not be the best option for Ukraine.\n\nOn Saturday, Schallenberg, while admitting that deepening ties with Ukraine is necessary as the EU is exporting the “Western way of life,” said that models other than full EU membership should be considered for Ukraine. He mentioned joining the European Economic Area or an association agreement as among the options.\n\nReacting to these comments, Ukrainian Foreign Ministry spokesman Oleg Nikolenko released a strong-worded statement on Sunday.\n\n“We are disappointed by the remarks of the Austrian Federal Minister of Foreign Affairs about the European future of Ukraine. We consider them to be strategically short-sighted and not in the interests of a united Europe,” Nikolenko said, adding that Schallenberg ignores the positive view of “the vast majority” of the populations of the EU’s founding members toward Ukrainian membership.\n\n______\n\nRussia and Ukraine Differ on Odessa Missile Strike\n\nRussian forces have destroyed a logistics terminal in Odessa that held a large batch of foreign weapons, Moscow announced on Saturday amid its ongoing military offensive in Ukraine. However, the city’s authorities have claimed that its air defense group destroyed two missiles but that another four hit a military target and residential buildings, leading to civilian deaths.\n\nIt was not immediately clear if the buildings were struck by the Russian attack or attempts by Ukrainian forces to strike down the missiles initially aimed at the military target.\n\nAccording to Russian military spokesman Major General Igor Konashenkov, in the afternoon, “high-precision long-range air-launched missiles” hit a logistics terminal located on a military airfield near Odessa, where “a large batch of foreign weapons received from the United States and European countries was stored.”\n\n_____\n\nSkating Chiefs Further Isolate Russia\n\nRussia has been stripped of its right to host a figure skating Grand Prix in the 2022–23 season, the International Skating Union (ISU) has confirmed, while further steps could be taken to sanction Russia and Belarus in the international arena.\n\nThe ISU confirmed on Monday that the traditional Russian stage of its Grand Prix series would not take place next season.\n\nThe event, known as the Rostelecom Cup, took place in Sochi last year but has also been held in Moscow and St. Petersburg.\n\n“Until further notice no International Competitions shall be held in Russia and Belarus. Consequently, the Rostelecom Cup 2022 in Figure Skating will not be included in the ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating series of the season 2022/23,” read an ISU statement.\n\n_____\n\nRussia Warns US Against Sending More Arms to Ukraine\n\nRussia has warned the United States against sending more arms to Ukraine, Moscow’s ambassador to Washington told Russian state television.\n\n“We stressed the unacceptability of this situation when the United States of America pours weapons into Ukraine, and we demanded an end to this practice,” Anatoly Antonov said in an interview with the Rossiya 24 TV channel.\n\nAntonov said an official diplomatic note had been sent to Washington expressing Russia’s concerns. He said such arms supplies from the United States would further aggravate the situation and raise the stakes of the conflict.\n\nWashington’s top diplomat and its defense secretary met Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Kyiv late on Sunday, pledging new assistance worth $713 million for Zelenskyy’s government and other countries in the region.\n\nEarlier in April, President Joe Biden announced an additional $800 million in military assistance to Ukraine, expanding the scope of the systems provided to include heavy artillery.\n\n_____\n\nRussia Strikes Ukrainian Oil Depot and Military Installations\n\nRussia struck Ukraine’s Kremenchuk oil refinery with long-range missiles and hit military installations in its former Soviet neighbor, the Russian defense ministry reported on Monday.\n\n“The armed forces of the Russian Federation continue the special military operation in Ukraine,” the ministry said.\n\nRussia said it struck Ukrainian military installations and the Kremenchuk oil refinery near the Dnipro River that the governor of the Poltava region had said was destroyed earlier this month.\n\n“High-precision long-range weapons destroyed fuel production facilities at an oil refinery on the northern outskirts of the city of Kremenchuk, as well as petroleum products storage facilities which fuelled military equipment for Ukrainian troops,” the ministry said.\n\n_____\n\nUS Says Diplomats to Return to Kyiv, as ‘Russia Has Already Failed’ in War Aims\n\nThe United States promised on Monday to reopen its embassy in Kyiv soon, as Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin and Secretary of State Antony Blinken visited Ukraine’s capital and hailed its success so far against Russia’s invasion.\n\nBoth men said the fact they were able to come to Kyiv was proof of Ukraine’s tenacity in forcing Moscow to abandon an assault on the capital last month, and promised more aid to fend off Russian troops now attempting an advance in the east.\n\nU.S. officials said they pledged new assistance worth $713 million for President Volodymyr Zelenskyy’s government and other countries in the region.\n\n“In terms of Russia’s war aims, Russia has already failed and Ukraine has already succeeded,” Blinken claimed in a briefing in Poland after the two officials returned.\n\nRussia has always denied intending to overthrow Ukraine’s government. Western countries say that was its aim from the outset but it failed in the face of Ukrainian resistance.\n\nThe relative calm in Kyiv is a contrast with the south and east of the country.\n\nSome 200 miles southeast of Kyiv, Russian missile strikes on an oil refinery and power plant in Kremenchuk killed one person and wounded seven, the governor of the Poltava region said. Moscow said it had destroyed oil production facilities there.\n\n_____\n\nUK Claims Russia Made Minor Advances in Ukraine After Its Shift to Donbass\n\nRussia has made minor advances in some areas since shifting its focus to fully occupying the Donbass, the U.K.’s Ministry of Defense claimed on Twitter on Monday.\n\nUkraine’s defense of Mariupol has also exhausted many Russian units and reduced their combat effectiveness, British military intelligence claimed.\n\n_____\n\n5 Railway Stations Come Under Fire in Ukraine, Casualties Reported: State Rail Company\n\nFive railway stations came under fire in western and central Ukraine on Monday, causing an unspecified number of casualties, Ukrainian television quoted state-run Ukrainian Railways as saying.\n\nOleksander Kamyshin, the company’s chief, said the attacks took place in the space of an hour and details were being checked.\n\n_____\n\nFire Erupts at Russian Oil Depot Near Border With Ukraine\n\nA fire has erupted at a Russian oil depot near the border with Ukraine.\n\nThe Tass news agency reported the fire early Monday in Bryansk. The Russian report said oil storage tanks at the facility caught fire around 2 a.m. local time.\n\nNASA satellites that track fires show a burning fire at coordinates that correspond to a Rosneft facility some 70 miles north of the Ukrainian border.\n\nAnton Gerashchenko, adviser to the head of Ukraine’s Ministry of Internal Affairs, was cited by the Ukrainian news agency Unian as saying that people who live near the burning oil depot were being evacuated.\n\nMoscow has previously blamed Ukraine for attacks on the Russian region of Bryansk, which borders Ukraine.\n\nUkraine’s top security officials have denied that Kyiv was behind an earlier airstrike on an oil depot in the Russian city of Belgorod, about 35 miles from the border.\n\n___\n\nBlinken, Austin Meet With Zelenskyy\n\nThe U.S. secretaries of state and defense met Sunday night with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the highest-level visit to the war-torn country’s capital by an American delegation since the start of Russia’s invasion.\n\nThe meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken and U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin was confirmed by presidential adviser Oleksiy Arestovych in an interview on Ukrainian TV.\n\nIt came as Ukraine pressed the West for more powerful weapons against Russia’s campaign in the Donbas region of eastern Ukraine, where Moscow’s forces sought to dislodge the last Ukrainian troops in the battered port of Mariupol.\n\n“Yes, they’re meeting with the president. Let’s hope something will be decided on further help,” Arestovych said in an interview on Ukrainian TV.\n\nBefore the session, Zelenskyy said he was looking for the Americans to produce results, both in arms and security guarantees.\n\n“You can’t come to us empty-handed today, and we are expecting not just presents or some kind of cakes, we are expecting specific things and specific weapons,” he said.\n\n___\n\nUkraine to Call for Heavy Arms When Top US Officials Visit Kyiv\n\nUkraine will ask U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin for more powerful weapons during an expected visit by the officials to Kyiv on Sunday, seeking to build the country’s defenses against the Russian invasion.\n\nThe trip by Blinken and Austin, announced earlier by Zelenskyy, would be the highest-level visit to Ukraine by U.S. officials since Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered the invasion of the country two months ago.\n\nThe White House has not confirmed any visit by Blinken and Austin. The State Department and Pentagon declined to comment.\n\n___\n\nNATO and Russian Military Presence in Mediterranean Sea at ‘Cold War’ Levels\n\nAs the conflict in Ukraine enters its third month, NATO and Russia have built up their naval forces in the Mediterranean Sea to the most significant levels in decades.\n\nThat was confirmed in a recent interview with Thibault Lavernhe, regional communication officer of French forces in the Mediterranean, who said that “Ukraine has changed things.”\n\n“The Americans are back. This hasn’t been the case since the Cold War,” he said. “Russia has doubled, if not tripled, its military capacity in the area” in terms of destroyers, submarines, and frigates, Lavernhe continued to say.\n\nRead the full article here\n\n___\n\nUkraine’s Military Says Russian Forces Are Trying to Storm Azovstal Plant\n\nRussian forces attempted to storm the Ukrainian-held Azovstal steel plant in the besieged southeastern city of Mariupol on Sunday, Ukrainian officials said, despite Russian President Vladimir Putin’s comments last week that the complex did not need to be taken.\n\nUkraine’s armed forces command wrote on Facebook that Russian forces were firing and performing “offensive operations” in the Azovstal area, as well as conducting airstrikes on civilian infrastructure.\n\nSerhiy Volyna, commander of Ukraine’s 36th Marine brigade forces in Mariupol, said in an interview with an opposition lawmaker that was shown on YouTube on Sunday that Russia was hitting the complex with air and artillery bombardments.\n\n“We are taking casualties, the situation is critical … we have very many wounded men, [some] are dying, it’s a difficult [situation] with guns, ammunition, food, medicines … the situation is rapidly worsening,” Volyna said, speaking from his location at the plant.\n\nKonstantin Ivaschenko, the official who has been designated mayor of Mariupol by Russia but not recognized as such by Ukraine, denied that any fighting was taking place in the city in comments reported by Russian news outlet Tass on Sunday.\n\nThe Epoch Times could not independently verify the Ukrainian or Russian accounts.\n\nKatabella Roberts, Jack Phillips, The Associated Press, and Reuters contributed to this report.', 'image': 'https://img.theepochtimes.com/assets/uploads/2022/04/22/MG-1-1200x675.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:40'}
{'title': 'ICC prosecutor to join EU team investigating crimes in Ukraine', 'keywords': ['crimes', 'war', 'president', 'kyiv', 'ukrainian', 'join', 'russian', 'investigating', 'russia', 'defence', 'told', 'military', 'icc', 'team', 'prosecutor'], 'polarity': 0.0599, 'subjectivity': 0.2776, 'link': 'https://www.france24.com/en/europe/20220425-live-blinken-and-austin-announce-us-aid-diplomatic-push-during-ukraine-visit', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:04', 'summary': 'The International Criminal Court\'s chief prosecutor will join an EU investigations team to probe possible international crimes committed in Ukraine, the EU\'s judicial cooperation agency said Monday.\nOf the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, Lavrov told Russian news agencies that he was confident that “everything will of course finish with the signing of an accord.\n5:03pm: ICC prosecutor to join EU team investigating crimes in UkraineThe International Criminal Court\'s chief prosecutor will join an EU investigations team to probe possible international crimes committed in Ukraine, the EU\'s judicial cooperation agency said Monday.\n10:29am: Russia strikes Ukrainian oil depot, defence ministry saysRussia struck Ukraine\'s Kremenchuk oil refinery with long-range missiles, according to the Russian defence ministry.\n"Starting this week, members of that team will be able to do day trips instead into Ukraine," he said.', 'channel': 'france24.com', 'text': 'As it happened\n\nA boy stands next to a wrecked vehicle in front of an apartment building damaged during the Ukraine-Russia conflict in the southern port city of Mariupol, Ukraine, on April 24, 2022.\n\nThe International Criminal Court\'s chief prosecutor will join an EU investigations team to probe possible international crimes committed in Ukraine, the EU\'s judicial cooperation agency said Monday. It will mark the first time the Hague-based ICC – set up in 2002 as an independent tribunal to probe the world\'s worst crimes – will take part in a joint investigation with other countries. Follow the day\'s events as they unfolded on our liveblog. All times are in Paris time (GMT+2).\n\nAdvertising Read more\n\nThis live page is no longer being updated. For more of our coverage of the war in Ukraine, click here.\n\n04:36am: Pressure mounts on Germany’s Schroeder over Russia ties\n\nPressure was growing Monday inside Germany’s Social Democratic Party (SPD) to expel their former leader and ex-chancellor Gerhard Schroeder over his apparent refusal to renounce his business ties with Russia.\n\nSchroeder, who is a lobbyist for Russian gas and has close ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin, sparked fresh outrage following remarks in an interview with the New York Times published this weekend.\n\nUnrepentant over his business links with Russia, he told the newspaper: “I don’t do mea culpa. It’s not my thing.”\n\nSPD co-president Saskia Esken was asked in an interview with state radio whether Schroeder should quit the party.\n\n“I think he should,” she replied. The party was currently examining 14 motions to have its former leader expelled, she told journalists later, adding that the final decision would come down to the party’s arbitration body.\n\nBut she also told journalists: “He makes his money working for Russian state businesses… Gerhard Schroeder has for many years been a businessman, and we should stop seeing him as a former honourable leader, a former chancellor.”\n\nThomas Kutschaty, another senior party figure, was equally scathing.\n\n“He has to choose,” he told Welt TV. “Either he keeps supporting Putin, or he is a member of the Social Democrats, but the two are not compatible.\n\nFRANCE 24’s Joseph Keen reports:\n\n01:21\n\n03:10am: Britain to lift all tariffs on Ukrainian imports\n\nAll tariffs on goods coming to Britain from Ukraine under an existing free trade deal will be axed to help the Ukrainian economy, the British government announced on Monday.\n\nLondon said tariffs would be reduced to zero and all quotas removed following a direct request from Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky, saying the move would provide a boost for Ukrainian businesses involved in key exports such as barley, honey, tinned tomatoes and poultry.\n\n“We stand unwaveringly with Ukraine in this ongoing fight and will work to ensure Ukraine survives and thrives as a free and sovereign nation,” said British International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan.\n\nBritain said currently the average tariff on Ukrainian imports was about 22 percent. It said the planned change had been offered on a non-reciprocal basis, but Kyiv was likely to match the British action.\n\nAdditionally, the British government said it would also impose further export bans on products to Russia, including cash, maritime goods and technology, and energy-related goods. Last week, it ramped up sanctions on luxury goods including caviar, silver and diamonds.\n\n01:59am: US hosts Ukraine talks in Germany as war enters critical phase\n\nThe United States will host an expected gathering of more than 40 countries on Tuesday for Ukraine-related defense talks that will focus on arming Kyiv so it can defend against an unfolding and potentially decisive Russian onslaught in the east, US officials said.\n\nUS Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin is holding the event at Ramstein Air Base in Germany following a trip to Kyiv where he pledged additional support to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky’s war effort.\n\nUS Army General Mark Milley, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said a key goal of the talks was to synchronize and coordinate mounting security assistance to Kyiv that includes heavy weaponry, like howitzer artillery, as well armed drones and ammunition.\n\n“The next several weeks will be very, very critical,” Milley told reporters travelling with him. “They need continued support in order to be successful on the battlefield. And that’s really the purpose of this conference.”\n\nApril 26, 12:17am: Russia says NATO engaging in ‘proxy’ war in Ukraine, arms shipments legitimate targets\n\nDeliveries of Western weaponry to Ukraine mean that the NATO alliance is “in essence engaged in war with Russia” and Moscow views these weapons as legitimate targets, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said in an interview aired on Monday.\n\n“These weapons will be a legitimate target for Russia’s military acting within the context of the special operation,” Lavrov told state television in an interview posted on the foreign ministry’s website.\n\n“Storage facilities in western Ukraine have been targeted more than once (by Russian forces). How can it be otherwise?” Lavrov said. “NATO, in essence, is engaged in a war with Russia through a proxy and is arming that proxy. War means war.”\n\n11:34pm: US Senate leader expects ‘swift’ action on next round of military funding to Ukraine\n\nUS Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer on Monday said he expected “swift, bipartisan” passage of another bill to aid Ukraine in its fight against Russia once President Joe Biden submits a new funding request.\n\nWhile Schumer did not provide any details on the possible size of such a package, he said, “We must continue helping the people of Ukraine in their fight against Russian aggression” and “I expect swift bipartisan cooperation to get it done.”\n\n11:25pm: UK says Russian invasion likely to cut Ukraine’s grain harvest by 20 percent this year\n\nThe Russian invasion of Ukraine has significantly disrupted Ukrainian agricultural production, the UK’s ministry of defence tweeted in a regular bulletin on Monday.\n\n“Ukrainian grain harvest for 2022 is likely to be around 20% lower than 2021 due to reduced sowing areas following invasion,” it said.\n\nThe reduced grain supply from Ukraine will generate inflationary pressures, elevating the global price of grain, British military intelligence said.\n\nLatest Defence Intelligence update on the situation in Ukraine - 25 April 2022 Find out more about the UK government\'s response: https://t.co/GTz05lanun 🇺🇦 #StandWithUkraine 🇺🇦 pic.twitter.com/cTCajm8Y7p — Ministry of Defence 🇬🇧 (@DefenceHQ) April 25, 2022\n\n10:50pm: Russia\'s Lavrov says military situation to determine any agreement with Ukraine\n\nRussian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Monday that the Ukrainian conflict will end with an agreement but its content will depend on the military situation.\n\nOf the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, Lavrov told Russian news agencies that he was confident that “everything will of course finish with the signing of an accord.\n\n“But the parameters of this accord will be defined by the state of the fighting that will have taken place at the moment the accord becomes reality,” he added.\n\nLavrov also told Russian state television in an interview that Kyiv was only imitating negotiations, according to a transcript published on the foreign ministry’s website.\n\n9:57pm: White House says more sanctions against Russia likely\n\nThe United States is likely to impose more economic sanctions against Russia over its invasion of Ukraine and “no one is safe from our sanctions”, White House press secretary Jen Psaki said on Monday.\n\nPsaki would not comment specifically on a Wall Street Journal report that the reported mother of three of Russian President Vladimir Putin’s children had so far not been sanctioned to avoid riling Putin.\n\n6:55pm: United Kingdom to ship missile launch vehicles to Ukraine\n\nBritain is to send to Ukraine armoured vehicles able to fire missiles against invading Russian aircraft, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said on Monday.\n\nUkrainian forces have been using UK-donated Starstreak high velocity and low velocity missiles against Russian forces for over three weeks, he told parliament.\n\n"We shall be gifting a small number of armoured vehicles fitted with launchers for those anti-air missiles," Wallace said.\n\n"These Stormer vehicles will give Ukraine forces enhanced short-range anti-air capabilities both day and night."\n\nFears of escalating the conflict mean that NATO members including Britain are limited in what military hardware they can send to Ukraine.\n\nWallace said Britain\'s military contribution so far included 5,000 anti-tank missiles, five air defence systems with over 100 missiles and 4.5 tonnes of plastic explosive.\n\n5:03pm: ICC prosecutor to join EU team investigating crimes in Ukraine\n\nThe International Criminal Court\'s chief prosecutor will join an EU investigations team to probe possible international crimes committed in Ukraine, the EU\'s judicial cooperation agency said Monday.\n\nIt will be the first time the Hague-based ICC—set up in 2002 as an independent tribunal to probe the world\'s worst crimes—will take part in a joint investigation with other countries.\n\n"The Office of the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court (ICC) in The Hague will become a participant in the joint investigation team (JIT) on alleged core international crimes committed in Ukraine," Eurojust said in a statement.\n\nChief prosecutor Karim Khan has signed an agreement with prosecutors general of Lithuania, Poland and Ukraine to take part in a joint investigative team to look into possible war crimes and crimes against humanity committed since Russia\'s invasion on February 24.\n\nThe agreement "aims to facilitate investigations and prosecutions in the concerned states as well as those that could be taken forward before the ICC", the Hague-based Eurojust said.\n\nBrussels too supported the move, proposing to broaden Eurojust\'s mandate to allow the agency to "collect, preserve and share evidence of war crimes" to help bolster the probe in Ukraine\n\n4:02pm: Kyiv says Russian strikes on rail infrastructure kill 5 in central Ukraine\n\nAt least five people were killed and another 18 injured on Monday in Russian strikes on railway infrastructure in the central Ukraine region of Vinnytsia, Kyiv said.\n\n"Preliminary information shows that five people died and 18 were injured. Rescue operations are under way, investigators, prosecutors and other services are working at the scene," the office of the Ukrainian prosecutor general said in a statement on social media.\n\n3:37pm: Ukraine war has consequences for Asia, EU chief warns neutral India\n\nRussia\'s invasion of Ukraine threatens India\'s regional security, the European Union chief Ursula von der Leyen said Monday during a trip to New Delhi aimed at fostering deeper strategic ties.\n\nVon der Leyen is the latest visiting Western diplomat to press India, which gets most of its arms from Russia, over its neutral stance on the conflict.\n\nBoth the EU and India face challenges from a rising China, and von der Leyen raised the spectre of Beijing\'s partnership with Moscow to warn the war had consequences further afield than Europe.\n\n"The outcome of the war will not only determine the future of Europe but also deeply affect the Indo-Pacific region," she told an audience at the Raisina Dialogue, an annual geopolitical conference in New Delhi.\n\n"Russia and China have forged a seemingly unrestrained pact. They have declared that the friendship between them has \'no limits\'... What can we expect from the \'new international relations\' that both have called for?"\n\nVon der Leyen\'s trip to New Delhi follows several recent overtures from high-profile diplomatic guests seeking to lure India away from Russia.\n\n3:32pm: Russia expels 40 German diplomats\n\nRussia\'s foreign ministry said on Monday that it had declared 40 German diplomatic staff "personae non gratae" in a retaliatory move after Berlin expelled the same number of Russian diplomats.\n\nRussia\'s foreign ministry said in a statement that it had taken the decision after Germany on April 4 declared a "significant number" of officials at the Russian embassy in Berlin "undesirable".\n\nGermany announced the expulsion of 40 Russian diplomats on April 4 following mounting evidence of civilian killings and mass graves in Bucha, near the Ukrainian capital Kyiv.\n\n3:06pm: Another 45,000 people escape Ukraine amid war\n\nMore than 5.2 million Ukrainians have fled the country since Russia launched its invasion two months ago, with over 45,000 joining their ranks in the past 24 hours, the United Nations said Monday.\n\nIn total, 5,232,014 people have fled Ukraine as refugees since February 24, according to the latest data from the UN refugee agency, UNHCR.\n\nThat marks an increase of 45,270 over Sunday’s figure.\n\nThe outflow has slowed since the start of the war. Since the beginning of April, just under 1.2 million Ukrainians have fled the country, after some 3.4 million left in March.\n\nThe UN’s International Organization for Migration (IOM) said an additional 218,000 citizens of third countries—largely students and migrant workers—have also fled to neighbouring countries since the invasion began.\n\nWomen and children account for 90 percent of those who have fled abroad, with men aged 18 to 60 eligible for military call-up unable to leave.\n\nBeyond the refugees, the IOM estimates more than 7.7 million people have been displaced within Ukraine.\n\nAlmost two-thirds of Ukrainian children have had to flee their homes, including those who remain in the country.\n\n2:45pm: Visit by top US officials sign of improved security situation in Kyiv\n\nA visit by US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Secretary of Defence Lloyd Austin to Kyiv on Sunday is a strong sign that the security situation in Ukraine\'s capital has improved. FRANCE 24\'s Gulliver Cragg reports.\n\n03:11 © France 24\n\n1:08pm: Biden nominates ambassador to Ukraine\n\nUS President Joe Biden has nominated Bridget Brink, the current ambassador to Slovakia, to be the new US ambassador to Ukraine, according to a White House statement.\n\nA foreign service career member, Brink has previously worked at the US embassies in Uzbekistan and Georgia.\n\nThe position must be confirmed by the US Senate.\n\nThe announcement came a day after US Secretary of State Antony Blinken promised a renewed diplomatic push between Washington and Kyiv during his visit to Ukraine.\n\nBlinken said the small staff from the now-shuttered US Embassy in Kyiv, which has relocated to Poland from temporary offices in the western Ukrainian city of Lviv, would begin making day trips to Lviv in the coming days.Though several European countries have already reopened their embassies in Kyiv, the return will be gradual for US diplomats, said Blinken.\n\n1:05pm: Putin accuses West of trying to murder Russian journalists\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin has accused the West of trying to murder Russian journalists and claimed the country’s intelligence agency, the Federal Security Service (FSB), had thwarted one such attempt on a TV reporter.\n\nSpeaking on state television, Putin accused foreign special forces, including the CIA, of attempting to advise Kyiv on the murder of Russian journalists.\n\nPutin did not, however, provide evidence to support his claim.\n\n12:32pm: Ukraine denies any deal of ceasefire near Azovstal plant\n\nUkrainian authorities denied that there had been any agreement on a humanitarian corridor despite an announcement from Russia.\n\n“It is important to understand that a humanitarian corridor opens by the agreement of both sides," Deputy Prime Minister Iryna Vereshschuk said on the Telegram messaging app. "A corridor announced unilaterally does not provide security, and therefore is not a humanitarian corridor."\n\nRussia\'s defence ministry on Monday announced a ceasefire around the Azovstal steel plant in Mariupol to allow a civilian evacuation from the industrial area that has been sheltering the remaining Ukrainian resistance in the port city.\n\nRussian troops "from 14:00 Moscow time (1100 GMT) on April 25, 2022, will unilaterally stop any hostilities, withdraw units to a safe distance and ensure the withdrawal of" civilians, the defence ministry said in a statement.\n\n10:36am: Russian rockets hit Vinnytsia region, deaths reported: governor\n\nRussia fired rockets at two towns in Ukraine\'s central Vinnytsia region, causing an unspecified number of deaths and injuries, regional Governor Serhiy Borzov reported.\n\n"Today, Vinnytsia region is once again under rocket fire (in) the towns of Zhmerynka and Kozyatyn. The enemy is attempting to hit critical infrastructure," Borzov said in a video released on the Telegram messaging app.\n\nRussia did not immediately comment on his remarks.\n\n10:29am: Russia strikes Ukrainian oil depot, defence ministry says\n\nRussia struck Ukraine\'s Kremenchuk oil refinery with long-range missiles, according to the Russian defence ministry.\n\n"High-precision long-range weapons destroyed fuel production facilities at an oil refinery on the northern outskirts of the city of Kremenchuk, as well as petroleum products storage facilities which fuelled military equipment for Ukrainian troops," the ministry said.\n\nThe governor of the the Poltava region where Kremenchuk is based had said the refinery was destroyed earlier this month.\n\n9:25am: Five railway stations come under fire: Ukrainian state rail company\n\nFive railway stations came under fire in western and central Ukraine on Monday morning, causing an unspecified number of casualties, Ukrainian television quoted state-run Ukrainian Railways as saying.\n\nOleksander Kamyshin, the company\'s chief, said the attacks took place in the space of an hour and details were being checked.\n\n9:08am: US wants Russia \'weakened\' so it cannot invade again: Austin\n\nThe US wants Russia\'s military capability weakened so that it cannot carry out another invasion, US Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin told journalists after returning from a trip to Kyiv.\n\n"We want to see Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," Austin told a group of journalists in Poland.\n\nAustin also said Ukraine can win the war against Russia if it had the right equipment. "The first step in winning is believing that you can win. And so they believe that we can win," he said. "We believe that we can win, they can win if they have the right equipment, the right support."\n\n7:41am: UK says Russia made minor advances in Ukraine after its shift to Donbas\n\nRussia has made minor advances in some areas since shifting its focus to fully occupying the eastern Donbas region, the UK\'s Ministry of Defence has tweeted.\n\n"Without sufficient logistical and combat support enablers in place, Russia has yet to achieve a significant breakthrough," it said.\n\nUkraine\'s defence of the southern city of Mariupol has also exhausted many Russian units and reduced their combat effectiveness, British military intelligence said.\n\nLatest Defence Intelligence update on the situation in Ukraine - 25 April 2022\n\n\n\nFind out more about the UK government\'s response: https://t.co/7NVrOfB161\n\n\n\n🇺🇦 #StandWithUkraine 🇺🇦 pic.twitter.com/OfcnHgGfR3 — Ministry of Defence 🇬🇧 (@DefenceHQ) April 25, 2022\n\n6:41am: US aid to Ukraine and neighbours, diplomatic presence in Kyiv\n\nDuring their visit to Kyiv on Sunday – the highest-level US visit since the Russian invasion on February 24 – Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin told Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and his advisers that the US would provide more than $300 million in foreign military financing and had approved a $165 million sale of ammunition.\n\nMoney will also go to Ukraine\'s regional allies who need to resupply after sending weapons to their neighbour.\n\nThey also said US President Joe Biden would soon announce his nominee for ambassador to Ukraine and that US diplomats who left Ukraine before the war would start returning to the country this coming week. The US embassy in Kyiv will remain closed for the moment.\n\nBlinken said Biden in the coming days planned to nominate the current US ambassador to Slovakia, Bridget Brink, as the new ambassador to Kyiv, a post that has been officially empty since 2019.\n\nThough several European countries have already reopened their embassies in Kyiv, the return will be gradual for American diplomats, according to a State Department official.\n\n"Since the start of hostilities, we\'ve had a team across the border in Poland who\'s been handling this work for us," the official told reporters waiting for Blinken and Austin on the Polish side of the border.\n\n"Starting this week, members of that team will be able to do day trips instead into Ukraine," he said. "Ultimately, (they will) resume presence in Kyiv."\n\nApril 25, 12:24am: Zelensky congratulates France’s Macron on reelection\n\nUkraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky congratulated French President Emmanuel Macron on his re-election, saying the French president was a “true friend”.\n\n“Congratulations to the President and a true friend @EmmanuelMacron on the election victory,” Zelensky wrote in French on his Twitter account in the early hours on Monday.\n\n“I wish Emmanuel Macron new successes for the benefit of the French people. I appreciate the support of France and I am convinced: We are stepping together to new common victories! To a strong and united Europe!”\n\nFélicitations à @EmmanuelMacron, un vrai ami de l’Ukraine, pour sa réélection! Je lui souhaite de nouveaux succès pour le bien du peuple 🇫🇷. J\'apprécie son soutien et je suis convaincu que nous avançons ensemble vers de nouvelles victoires communes. Vers une Europe forte et unie! — Володимир Зеленський (@ZelenskyyUa) April 24, 2022\n\n(FRANCE 24 with AFP, AP and REUTERS)\n\nDaily newsletterReceive essential international news every morning Subscribe', 'image': 'https://s.france24.com/media/display/38cf0db0-c4af-11ec-b65b-005056bf8594/w:1280/p:16x9/2022-04-25T120048Z_1164771255_RC2KTT9PE0FZ_RTRMADP_3_UKRAINE-CRISIS-SNAPSHOT.JPG', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:04'}
{'title': 'Britain says Russia tries to encircle Ukraine positions in east', 'keywords': ['tuesdayreports', 'britain', 'zaporizhzhia', 'twitterukrainian', 'ukrainian', 'south', 'russia', 'update', 'forces', 'city', 'russian', 'try'], 'polarity': -0.05, 'subjectivity': 0.2895, 'link': 'https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/europe/britain-says-russia-tries-to-encircle-ukraine-positions-in-east/articleshow/91090849.cms', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:02', 'summary': 'Russia is probably attempting to encircle heavily fortified Ukrainian positions in the country\'s east, the British military said in an update on Tuesday.Reports say the city of Kreminna has fallen, with heavy fighting in the south of the city of Izium , as Russian forces try to advance towards the cities of Sloviansk and Kramatorsk Britain \'s defence ministry said on Twitter.\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defences in Zaporizhzhia in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin.', 'channel': 'timesofindia.indiatimes.com', 'text': 'Russia is probably attempting to encircle heavily fortified Ukrainian positions in the country\'s east, the British military said in an update on Tuesday.Reports say the city of Kreminna has fallen, with heavy fighting in the south of the city of Izium , as Russian forces try to advance towards the cities of Sloviansk and Kramatorsk Britain \'s defence ministry said on Twitter."Ukrainian forces have been preparing defences in Zaporizhzhia in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin.', 'image': 'https://static.toiimg.com/thumb/msid-91090918,width-1070,height-580,imgsize-76042,resizemode-75,overlay-toi_sw,pt-32,y_pad-40/photo.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:02'}
{'title': "Russia is failing, Ukraine is succeeding, says US's Blinken", 'keywords': ['ukrainian', 'million', 'mr', 'succeeding', 'defence', 'officials', 'military', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0333, 'subjectivity': 0.2929, 'link': 'https://jerseyeveningpost.com/uncategorised/2022/04/25/russia-is-failing-ukraine-is-succeeding-says-uss-blinken/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:53', 'summary': 'US secretary of state Antony Blinken has said Russia is failing in its war aims and “Ukraine is succeeding”.\nMr Blinken told reporters near the Polish-Ukrainian border on Monday: “We had an opportunity to demonstrate directly our strong ongoing support for the Ukrainian government and the Ukrainian people.\nAn estimated 1,000 civilians are also sheltering in the steelworks, and the Russian military pledged to open a humanitarian corridor on Monday for them to leave.\nMr Biden has accused Russian President Vladimir Putin of genocide for the destruction and death wrought on Ukraine.\n(PA Graphics)From Poland, Mr Blinken plans to return to Washington while Mr Austin will head to Ramstein in Germany for a meeting Tuesday of Nato defence ministers and other donor countries.', 'channel': 'jerseyeveningpost.com', 'text': 'US secretary of state Antony Blinken has said Russia is failing in its war aims and “Ukraine is succeeding”.\n\nHis secrecy-shrouded visit to Kyiv along with defence secretary Lloyd Austin was the highest-level American visit to the capital since Russia invaded in late February.\n\nThey told Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and his advisers that the US will provide more than 300 million dollars (£234 million) in foreign military financing and had approved a 165 million dollar (£128 million) sale of ammunition.\n\nMr Blinken told reporters near the Polish-Ukrainian border on Monday: “We had an opportunity to demonstrate directly our strong ongoing support for the Ukrainian government and the Ukrainian people. This was, in our judgment, an important moment to be there to have face-to-face conversations in detail.”\n\nSpeaking in Monday’s video address, he said the US is offering “powerful” support to his country. Mr Zelensky added that they agreed “on further steps to strengthen the armed forces of Ukraine and meet all the priority needs of our army”.\n\nHe noted that ramping up sanctions against Moscow was also on the meeting’s agenda.\n\nMr Austin said Mr Zelensky’s response to the aid was deep appreciation for what was being given but “he has the mindset that they want to win and we have the mindset that we want to help them win”.\n\nThe talks came as Russia unleashed a string of attacks against Ukrainian rail and fuel facilities on Monday, striking crucial infrastructure far from the front line of its eastern offensive, which Britain said has yet to achieve a significant breakthrough.\n\nUS Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin, third from left, and Secretary of State Antony Blinken, forth from left, meet Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, fourth from right, in Kyiv (Ukrainian Presidential Press Office/AP)\n\nWhen Russia invaded on February 24, its apparent goal was a lightning offensive that would quickly take the capital and perhaps even topple the government in Kyiv. But the Ukrainians, aided by Western weapons, bogged down President Vladimir Putin’s troops and thwarted their push to Kyiv.\n\nMoscow now says its focus is in the eastern region of the Donbas, but one senior military official says it also wants to control southern Ukraine. While both sides said the campaign in the east has begun, it has yet to gather steam.\n\nA small group of Ukrainian troops holed up in a steel plant in the strategic city of Mariupol are tying down Russian forces, and keeping them from being added to the offensive elsewhere in the Donbas, Britain’s Ministry of Defence said on Monday.\n\nOver the weekend, Russian forces launched fresh air strikes on the steel plant in an attempt to dislodge the estimated 2,000 fighters inside. An estimated 1,000 civilians are also sheltering in the steelworks, and the Russian military pledged to open a humanitarian corridor on Monday for them to leave.\n\nRussian tanks roll along a street in an area controlled by Russian-backed separatist forces in Mariupol, Ukraine (Alexei Alexandrov/AP)\n\nBut for now, the British Defence Ministry said that Ukrainian forces have repelled numerous assaults in the past week and “inflicted significant cost on Russian forces”. It said, so far, Russia has “yet to achieve a significant breakthrough” since shifting its focus to the Donbas.\n\nInstead, Russian missiles and war planes struck far behind the front line of that offensive on Monday.\n\nOleksandr Kamyshin, the head of the state-run Ukrainian Railways, said five railway facilities in central and western Ukraine were hit on Monday, including a missile attack near the western city of Lviv.\n\nSerhiy Borzov, the governor of Ukraine’s central Vinnytsia region, said there were casualties after rocket strikes targeting “critical infrastructure”. It was not clear if that referred to the attacks on the railways.\n\nSmoke rises from oil storage facilities hit by fire in Bryansk, Russia (Anonymous source via AP)\n\nMeanwhile, a major fire erupted early Monday at an oil depot in a Russian city about 60 miles from the Ukrainian border, Russia’s Emergencies Ministry said. No cause was given for the blaze.\n\nThe oil depot in Bryansk is owned by a subsidiary of the Russian state-controlled company Transneft, which operates the Druzhba pipeline that carries crude west to other European countries.\n\nA Russian news report said that another oil storage facility in Bryansk also caught fire early Monday.\n\nIn footage later released by the Ukrainian presidency of the meeting with top US officials, Mr Blinken praised the “extraordinary courage and leadership and success that you’ve had in pushing back this horrific Russian aggression”.\n\nMr Austin said at the news conference that “the world has been inspired” by Ukraine in the war and that America will continue its support. “What you’ve done in repelling the Russians in the Battle of Kyiv is extraordinary,” he said.\n\nMr Zelensky had announced on Saturday that he would meet the US officials in Kyiv on Sunday, but Joe Biden’s administration refused to confirm that and declined to discuss details of a possible visit even though planning had been under way for more than a week.\n\nJournalists who travelled to Poland with Mr Austin and Mr Blinken were barred from reporting on the trip until it ended, were not allowed to accompany them on their overland journey into Ukraine, and were prohibited from specifying where in south-east Poland they waited for the Cabinet members to return. Officials at the State Department and the Pentagon cited security concerns.\n\nUkrainian President Volodymyr had urged the Americans not to go empty-handed (Ukrainian Presidential Press Office/AP)\n\nSuch financing is different from previous US military assistance for Ukraine. It is not a donation of drawn-down US Defence Department stockpiles, but rather cash that countries can use to purchase supplies that they might need.\n\nThe new money, along with the sale of 165 million dollars (£128 million) in non-US made ammunition that is compatible with Soviet-era weapons the Ukrainians use, takes the total amount of American military assistance to Ukraine to 3.7 billion dollars (£2.9 billion) since the invasion, officials said.\n\nUS officials said they believed the new assistance would satisfy at least some of the Ukrainians’ urgent pleas for more help. New artillery, including howitzers, continues to be delivered at a rapid pace to Ukraine’s military, which is being trained on its use in neighbouring countries, the officials said.\n\nUS Secretary of State Antony Blinken boards a plane to return to Washington (Alex Brandon/Pool/AP)\n\nMs Brink, a career foreign service officer, has served since 2019 as ambassador to Slovakia. She previously held assignments in Serbia, Cyprus, Georgia and Uzbekistan as well as with the White House National Security Council. The post requires confirmation by the US Senate.\n\nMr Blinken also told Ukraine’s foreign minister that the small staff from the US embassy in Kyiv, which has relocated to Poland from temporary offices in the western Ukrainian city of Lviv, will begin making day trips to Lviv in the coming days.\n\nOfficials said the US had accelerated its review of security conditions in the capital and that the State Department will reopen the embassy there as soon as the situation allows.\n\nMr Biden has accused Russian President Vladimir Putin of genocide for the destruction and death wrought on Ukraine. On Thursday, the US leader said he would provide a new package of 800 million dollars (£623 million) in military aid to Ukraine that included heavy artillery and drones.\n\n(PA Graphics)\n\nFrom Poland, Mr Blinken plans to return to Washington while Mr Austin will head to Ramstein in Germany for a meeting Tuesday of Nato defence ministers and other donor countries.\n\nThat discussion will look at battlefield updates from the ground, additional security assistance for Ukraine and longer-term defence needs in Europe, including how to step up military production to fill gaps caused by the war in Ukraine, officials said. More than 20 nations are expected to send representatives to the meeting.', 'image': 'https://jerseyeveningpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/25144250/Img33212545-4.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:53'}
{'title': 'ukraine: Russia pounds eastern Ukraine as West promises Kyiv new arms', 'keywords': ['russias', 'troops', 'kyiv', 'donbas', 'ukrainian', 'region', 'ukraine', 'russia', 'defense', 'west', 'moscow', 'russian'], 'polarity': -0.0386, 'subjectivity': 0.3035, 'link': 'https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/europe/russia-pounds-eastern-ukraine-as-west-promises-kyiv-new-arms/articleshow/91100364.cms', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:48', 'summary': 'Germany announced it cleared the way for delivery of Gepard anti-aircraft guns to Ukraine.\n"After fierce defense by Ukrainian forces thwarted Russia\'s attempt to take Ukraine\'s capital early in the war, Moscow now says its focus is the Donbas, the mostly Russian-speaking industrial region in eastern Ukraine.\nDefense Secretary Ben Wallace said 25 per cent of the Russian combat units sent to Ukraine "have been rendered not combat effective.\n"Ukrainian officials have said about 2,500 to 3,000 Ukrainian troops had been killed as of mid-April.\nThe West hopes that boosting arms supplies will help remaining fighters repel Russia\'s invasion.', 'channel': 'timesofindia.indiatimes.com', 'text': 'TORETSK: Russia pounded eastern Ukraine on Tuesday as the US defense secretary promised to "keep moving heaven and earth" to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive even as Moscow warned such support risked widening the war.Two months into the devastating conflict, Western arms have already helped Ukraine stall Russia\'s invasion but its leaders have said they need more support fast.US Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that help was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the United States\' Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons. Germany announced it cleared the way for delivery of Gepard anti-aircraft guns to Ukraine."This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks. He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting "with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine\'s near-term security requirements because we\'re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them."After fierce defense by Ukrainian forces thwarted Russia\'s attempt to take Ukraine\'s capital early in the war, Moscow now says its focus is the Donbas, the mostly Russian-speaking industrial region in eastern Ukraine. That move is already having a devastating effect on civilians trapped in the conflict.In the small city of Toretsk, residents are struggling to survive, collecting rainwater for cleaning and washing up and fervently hoping for an end to the fighting. "It\'s bad. Very bad. Hopeless," said Andriy Cheromushkin. "You feel so helpless that you don\'t know what you should do or shouldn\'t do. Because if you want to do something, you need some money; and there is no money now."With the potentially pivotal battle for the Donbas underway, the US and its Nato allies are scrambling to get artillery and other heavy weaponry to that area in time to make a difference.German Defense Minister Christine Lambrecht said her government decided on Monday to clear the delivery of Gepard self-propelled armored anti-aircraft guns to Ukraine, though she didn\'t give details. German Chancellor Olaf Scholz has faced mounting pressure, including from within his governing coalition, to approve sending heavy weapons such as tanks and other armored vehicles to Ukraine.Austin also noted Tuesday that more than 30 allies and partners have joined the US in sending security assistance to Ukraine and more than $5 billion worth of equipment committed.The meeting in Germany comes after Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , speaking on Russian television, warned weapons supplied by Western countries "will be a legitimate target," and accused Nato of "pouring oil on the fire" with its support for Ukraine, according to a transcript on the Russian Foreign Ministry\'s website.Lavrov also warned against provoking World War III and said the threat of a nuclear conflict "should not be underestimated." Russian President Vladimir Putin has cited Nato\'s expansion and the risk that Kyiv could join the alliance as reasons for his invasion.UK Armed Forces Minister James Heappey rejected Lavrov\'s accusations of Nato aggression as "utter nonsense." He said "the reason there is a war in Ukraine right now is because Russia rolled over the borders of a sovereign country and started to invade their territory."Heappey also said Russia was making "unsound" military decisions and giving away tactical advantages because of Putin\'s desire to secure some kind of victory by May 9, when Russia marks its victory in World War II.Amid the talk of arms shipments, diplomatic efforts to seek an end to the fighting also continued. United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres met Lavrov on Tuesday and called again for a cease-fire. The UN chief is scheduled to meet Putin later.Elsewhere, International Atomic Energy Agency Director General Rafael Mariano Grossi visited the Chernobyl nuclear plant to deliver equipment, conduct radiological assessments and restore safeguards monitoring systems after tanks and troops churned up highly contaminated soil there in the early hours of Russia\'s invasion in February. His visit comes on the anniversary of the disaster at the plant in 1986, the world\'s worst nuclear accident.In its latest assessment of the fighting, the British Defense Ministry reported Russian advances and heavy fighting in the Donbas region, with one town, Kreminna, reportedly falling after days of street-to-street fighting.Ukraine\'s General Staff said Russian forces shelled Kharkiv, the country\'s second-largest city that lies outside the Donbas but has seen significant attacks as Moscow seeks full control of the region. Ukrainian forces struck back in the Kherson region in the south.A senior Russian military official has said that Russia\'s goal is full control of Ukraine\'s east and south, which would give it a swath of land that lies between Russia and Crimea, which Moscow seized in 2014.Four people died and nine more were wounded on Monday in the Russian shelling of the Donetsk region of the Donbas, its governor Pavlo Kyrylenko said on Telegram. He said a 9-year-old girl and a 14-year-old boy were among those killed.The city council and mayor of Mariupol said a new mass grave was identified about 10 kilometers (6 miles) north of the port city, which is key to the battle of the Donbas. Mayor Vadym Boychenko said authorities were trying to estimate the number of victims. It was at least the third new mass grave discovered in Russian-controlled areas near Mariupol in the last week.Mariupol has been gutted by bombardment and fierce street fighting over the past two months. Russia\'s capture of the city, where an estimated 2,000 Ukrainian troops and some 1,000 civilians are reportedly sheltering in a sprawling steel works, would deprive Ukraine of a vital port, help complete the land corridor to Crimea and free up troops to redeploy elsewhere in the Donbas.Britain said it believes 15,000 Russian troops have been killed in Ukraine since Russia\'s invasion began - far above the 1,351 deaths acknowledged by Moscow. Defense Secretary Ben Wallace said 25 per cent of the Russian combat units sent to Ukraine "have been rendered not combat effective."Ukrainian officials have said about 2,500 to 3,000 Ukrainian troops had been killed as of mid-April. The West hopes that boosting arms supplies will help remaining fighters repel Russia\'s invasion. As he opened the meeting in Germany, Austin sought to reassure Kyiv: "We know, and you should know, that all of us have your back and that\'s why we\'re here today - to strengthen the arsenal of Ukrainian democracy."', 'image': 'https://static.toiimg.com/thumb/msid-91101322,width-1070,height-580,imgsize-62954,resizemode-75,overlay-toi_sw,pt-32,y_pad-40/photo.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:48'}
{'title': 'Johnson plays down fears of Russian nuclear strike on Ukraine', 'keywords': ['plays', 'minister', 'johnson', 'space', 'russia', 'ukrainians', 'fears', 'warned', 'political', 'strike', 'nuclear', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0896, 'subjectivity': 0.3072, 'link': 'https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/vladimir-putin-boris-johnson-ukraine-prime-minister-sergei-lavrov-b2066117.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:18', 'summary': 'Boris Johnson has dismissed fears President Vladimir Putin could launch a tactical nuclear strike if his forces continue to be bogged down in Ukraine.\nSome analysts have warned a frustrated Russian leader could use his arsenal of low-yield, battlefield nuclear weapons if they suffered further reverses at the hands of the Ukrainians.\nEarlier, Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov warned that the threat of nuclear conflict “should not be under-estimated”.\n“I think he has far more political space than people worry about.\n“This remains very much in line with our principle of evolving our support to Ukraine as the conflict evolves and their capability requirements change.”', 'channel': 'independent.co.uk', 'text': 'Boris Johnson has dismissed fears President Vladimir Putin could launch a tactical nuclear strike if his forces continue to be bogged down in Ukraine.\n\nThe Prime Minister said the overwhelming support in Russia for the invasion meant Mr Putin had the “political margin for manoeuvre” to back down and withdraw his forces if they fail to breakthrough.\n\nSome analysts have warned a frustrated Russian leader could use his arsenal of low-yield, battlefield nuclear weapons if they suffered further reverses at the hands of the Ukrainians.\n\nEarlier, Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov warned that the threat of nuclear conflict “should not be under-estimated”.\n\nHe accused Nato allies of “pouring oil on the fire” by providing increasingly powerful weaponry to the Ukrainians as he warned against provoking “World War Three”.\n\nHowever, in an interview with TalkTV, Mr Johnson insisted the situation was not as perilous as had been suggested and that the West did not need to make “concessions” to avoid an escalation of the conflict.\n\nHe said: “Given the massive Russian backing for what he is doing, given the apparent obliviousness of the Russian media about what is really happening in Ukraine, the paradox is that Putin has far more political space to back down, to withdraw.\n\n(PA Graphics) (PA Graphics)\n\n“There will come a point when you (Putin) say to the Russian people ‘The military technical operation we launched in Ukraine has been accomplished, it has been technically a success’.\n\n“I think he has far more political space than people worry about. People say we have to make a concession, we have to worry about what Putin might do because of the risk of his defeat.\n\n“I think he has got a lot of space, he has got a lot of room for manoeuvre.”\n\nMr Johnson said Britain and other “sympathetic” countries would continue to supply more Nato-grade weapons, training and intelligence-sharing to the government in Kyiv.\n\nWhile the Prime Minister insisted he did not want the crisis to escalate beyond Ukraine’s borders, he indicated he was happy to see the Ukrainians use British-made weaponry to strike targets in Russia.\n\n“They are being attacked from within Russia territory. They have a right to protect and defend themselves,” he said.\n\nHe added: “We cannot accept the idea that this is some sort of stand-off between Russia and the West.\n\n“Putin’s regime is engaged in a diabolical attempt to crush the life out of the Ukrainian state. What we are doing is helping the Ukrainians to protect themselves.”\n\nMeanwhile, Armed Forces Minister James Heappey said Britain would providing the Ukrainians with longer-range Brimstone ground attack missiles “in the next few weeks”.\n\n“Recently Ukraine has been asking for longer-range ground attack missiles, and the Government has been exploring if stocks of Brimstone could be released for such purposes,” he told the House of Commons.\n\n“This remains very much in line with our principle of evolving our support to Ukraine as the conflict evolves and their capability requirements change.”', 'image': 'https://static.independent.co.uk/2022/04/26/21/99cd663607e0b82c819e1d6fccdac248Y29udGVudHNlYXJjaGFwaSwxNjUxMDg5NjQx-2.66007870.jpg?quality=75&width=1200&auto=webp', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:18'}
{'title': "Kremlin: Danger of Nuclear War ‘Serious, Real'", 'keywords': ['danger', 'austin', 'ukraine', 'russia', 'proxy', 'defense', 'secretary', 'nuclear', 'nato', 'military'], 'polarity': 0.0385, 'subjectivity': 0.3156, 'link': 'https://www.theepochtimes.com/kremlin-danger-of-nuclear-war-serious-real_4428562.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:49', 'summary': '(Evelyn Hockstein/Pool/AFP via Getty Images)Kremlin: Danger of Nuclear War ‘Serious, Real’NATO Engaging War With Russia Using Ukraine as a Proxy, Russia SaysThe Kremlin criticized the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) for engaging in a proxy war with Russia through Ukraine.\n“If NATO essentially engages in war with Russia through a proxy and is arming that proxy, war means war,” Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said in a wide-ranging interview broadcast on Russian state television on Monday.\nLavrov claimed that the risk of a nuclear war is “considerable” now.\nU.S. Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin responded Tuesday that threats of the war in Ukraine escalating into a nuclear conflict are “very dangerous and unhelpful.”“Nobody wants to see a nuclear war happen.\n“We want to see Russia weakened to the degree that it can’t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine,” Austin told reporters, according to a transcript.', 'channel': 'theepochtimes.com', 'text': 'British Prime Minister Boris Johnson (L) and President Joe Biden (C) listen as NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg (C/R) addresses a North Atlantic Council meeting during an extrordinary summit at NATO Headquarters in Brussels on March 24, 2022. (Evelyn Hockstein/Pool/AFP via Getty Images)\n\nKremlin: Danger of Nuclear War ‘Serious, Real’\n\nNATO Engaging War With Russia Using Ukraine as a Proxy, Russia Says\n\nThe Kremlin criticized the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) for engaging in a proxy war with Russia through Ukraine.\n\n“If NATO essentially engages in war with Russia through a proxy and is arming that proxy, war means war,” Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said in a wide-ranging interview broadcast on Russian state television on Monday.\n\nHe repeated Russia’s stance that it is legitimate to target weapons provided by Ukraine’s Western allies.\n\nLavrov claimed that the risk of a nuclear war is “considerable” now.\n\n“I would not want to elevate those risks artificially. Many would like that. The danger is serious, real. And we must not underestimate it,” he said.\n\nU.S. Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin responded Tuesday that threats of the war in Ukraine escalating into a nuclear conflict are “very dangerous and unhelpful.”\n\n“Nobody wants to see a nuclear war happen. It’s a war that all sides lose,” Austin said. “And so rattling of sabers and, you know, dangerous rhetoric is clearly unhelpful and something that we won’t engage in.”\n\nU.S. Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin speaks with reporters after returning from their trip to Kyiv and meeting with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, near the Ukraine border, in Poland, on April 25, 2022. (Alex Brandon/Pool via Reuters)\n\nMoscow’s warning came as NATO members are providing more and deadlier weapons to Ukraine to confront Russia in the east and south where the two countries have been involved in disputes for years.\n\nGermany confirmed Tuesday that it will provide “Gepard” anti-aircraft tanks to Ukraine in a notable policy shift.\n\n“Yesterday we decided that Germany will make the delivery of ‘Gepard’ anti-aircraft tanks possible to Ukraine,” German Defense Minister Christina Lambrecht said in a transcript of her speech seen by Deutsche Welle.\n\nA technician uses a welder’s torch to cut parts off a Gepard antiaircraft cannon tank that once belonged to the Bundeswehr at the Battle Tank Dismantling GmbH Koch in Edeleben, Germany, on April 23, 2014. Since the early 1990s, the company has dismantled over 15,000 tanks and other armored vehicles, from German, Austrian, French, and other European arsenals, as many nations reduce their military forces in accordance with the Conventional Armed Forces in Europe Treaty. (Jens Schlueter/Getty Images)\n\nPresident Joe Biden announced on April 21 an extra $800 million in military aid to Ukraine.\n\nSome heavy artillery weapons—72 155mm Howitzers and 144,000 rounds of ammunition—were listed in the package disclosed by Biden on Thursday along with 72 tactical vehicles to tow 155mm Howitzers, over 122 Phoenix Ghost Tactical Unmanned Aerial Systems, and other field equipment and spare parts.\n\nWestern countries are also providing training in Poland, Germany, and the United States.\n\nThe Biden administration said Monday that it wants Russia’s military to be weakened to the extent of not being able to launch an invasion similar to the one in Ukrainian.\n\nWhen asked about the United States’ “goals for success” amid the conflict, Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin responded, “Ukraine remains a sovereign country, a democratic country, able to protect its sovereign territory.” But then he told reporters that he wants to see Russia’s military capacity diminished.\n\n“It has already lost a lot of military capability and a lot of its troops, quite frankly, and we want to see them not have the capability to very quickly reproduce that capability,” Austin added.\n\n“We want to see Russia weakened to the degree that it can’t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine,” Austin told reporters, according to a transcript.\n\nReuters and Jack Phillips contributed to the report.', 'image': 'https://img.theepochtimes.com/assets/uploads/2022/03/24/nato-meeting-1200x824.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:49'}
{'title': "Going underground: Ukraine's subterranean fighters highlight the benefit - and long history - of tunnels in warfare", 'keywords': ['underground', 'troops', 'ukrainian', 'tunnels', 'tunneling', 'networks', 'forces', 'fighters', 'military', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0377, 'subjectivity': 0.3418, 'link': 'https://theconversation.com/going-underground-ukraines-subterranean-fighters-highlight-the-benefit-and-long-history-of-tunnels-in-warfare-181454', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:47', 'summary': 'Faced with the prospect of sending Russian troops into subterranean combat, Vladimir Putin demurred.\nA history of military tunneling from ancient rootsThe use of tunnels and underground chambers in times of conflict is nothing new.\nThe Viet Cong tunnel networks, particularly in the vicinity of Saigon, were an essential part of their guerrilla strategy and remain a popular tourist stop today.\nSpecialized “tunnel rats,” American soldiers who ventured into the tunnels armed only with a knife and pistol, became adept at navigating the tunnel networks.\nThese same tunnels serve to connect much of the industrial infrastructure in Mariupol today – and have become a major asset for the outnumbered Ukrainian forces.', 'channel': 'theconversation.com', 'text': 'Faced with the prospect of sending Russian troops into subterranean combat, Vladimir Putin demurred. “There is no need to climb into these catacombs and crawl underground,” he told his defense minister on April 21, 2022, ordering him to cancel a planned storming of a steel plant in the besieged Ukrainian port city of Mariupol.\n\nWhile Putin’s back-up plan – to form a seal around trapped Ukrainian forces and wait it out – is no less brutal and there are reports that Russians may still have mounted an offensive on the site, Putin’s hesitancy to send his forces into a sprawling network of tunnels under the complex hints at a truth in warfare: Tunnels can be an effective tool in resisting an oppressor.\n\nIndeed since the war began in February, reports have emerged of Ukrainian defenders using underground tunnel networks in efforts to deny Russian invaders control of major cities, as well as to provide sanctuary for civilians.\n\nAs an expert in military history and theory, I know there is sound thinking behind using tunnels as both a defensive and offensive tactic. Such networks allow small units to move undetected by aerial sensors and emerge in unexpected locations to launch surprise attacks and then essentially disappear. For an invader who does not possess a thorough map of the subterranean passages, this can present a nightmare scenario, leading to massive personnel losses, plummeting morale and an inability to finish the conquest of their urban objective – all factors that may have factored in Putin’s decision not to send troops underground in Mariupol.\n\nA history of military tunneling from ancient roots\n\nThe use of tunnels and underground chambers in times of conflict is nothing new.\n\nThe use of tunnels has been a common aspect of warfare for millennia. Ancient besieging forces used tunneling operations as a means to weaken otherwise well-fortified positions. This typically required engineers to construct long passages under walls or other obstacles. Collapsing the tunnel weakened the fortification. If well-timed, an assault conducted in the immediate aftermath of the breach might lead to a successful storming of the defended position.\n\nOne of the earliest examples of this technique is depicted on Assyrian carvings that are thousands of years old. While some attackers climb ladders to storm the walls of an Egyptian city, others can be seen digging at the foundations of the walls.\n\nRoman armies relied heavily upon sophisticated engineering techniques such as putting arches into the tunnels they built during sieges. Roman defenders also perfected the art of digging counter-tunnels to intercept those used by attackers before they presented a threat. Upon penetrating an enemy tunnel, they flooded it with caustic smoke to drive out the enemy or launched a surprise attack upon unsuspecting miners.\n\nThe success of tunneling under fortifications led European engineers in the Middle Ages to design ways to thwart the tactic. They built castles on bedrock foundations, making any attempt to dig beneath them much slower, and surrounded walls with moats so that tunnels would need to be far deeper.\n\nAlthough tunneling remained an important aspect of sieges through the 13th century, it was eventually replaced by the introduction of gunpowder artillery – which proved a more effective way to breach fortifications.\n\nHowever, by the mid-19th century, advances in mining and tunnel construction led to a resurgence in subterranean approaches to warfare.\n\nDuring the Crimean War in the 1850s, British and French attackers attempted to tunnel under Russian fortifications at the Battle of Sevastopol. Ten years later, Ulysses S. Grant authorized an attempt to tunnel under Confederate defenses at the siege of Petersburg, Virginia. In both cases, large caches of gunpowder were placed in chambers created by tunneling under key positions and detonated in coordination with an infantry assault.\n\nTunneling in the age of airpower\n\nWith warfare increasingly relying on aircraft in the 20th century, military strategists again turned to tunnels – undetectable from the skies and protected from falling bombs.\n\nIn World War I, tunneling was attempted as a means to launch surprise attacks on the Western Front, potentially bypassing the other side’s system of trenches and remaining undetected by aerial observers. In particular, the Ypres salient in war-ravaged Belgium was the site of hundreds of tunnels dug by British and German miners, and the horrifying stories of combat under the earth provide one of the most terrifying vignettes of that awful war.\n\nDuring World War II, Japanese troops in occupied areas in the Pacific constructed extensive tunnel networks to make their forces virtually immune to aerial attack and naval bombardment from Allied forces. During amphibious assaults in places such as the Philippines and Iwo Jima, American and Allied forces had to contend with a warren of Japanese tunnel networks. Eventually they resorted to using high explosives to collapse tunnel entrances, trapping thousands of Japanese troops inside.\n\nThe Viet Cong tunnel networks, particularly in the vicinity of Saigon, were an essential part of their guerrilla strategy and remain a popular tourist stop today. Some of the tunnels were large enough to house hospital and barracks facilities and strong enough to withstand anything short of nuclear bombardment.\n\nThe tunnels not only protected Vietnamese fighters from overwhelming American airpower, they also facilitated hit-and-run style attacks. Specialized “tunnel rats,” American soldiers who ventured into the tunnels armed only with a knife and pistol, became adept at navigating the tunnel networks. But they could not be trained in sufficient numbers to negate the value of the tunnel systems.\n\nTunnels for terrorism\n\nIn the 21st century, tunnels have been used to facilitate the activities of terror organizations. During the American-led invasion of Afghanistan, military operatives soon discovered that al-Qaida had fortified a series of tunnel networks connecting naturally occurring caves in the Tora Bora region.\n\nNot only did they hide the movement of troops and supplies, they proved impervious to virtually every weapon in the U.S.-led coalition’s arsenal. The complexes included air filtration systems to prevent chemical contamination, as well as massive storerooms and sophisticated communications gear allowing al-Qaida leadership to maintain control over their followers.\n\nAnd tunneling activity in and around Gaza continues to provide a tool for Hamas to get fighters into Israeli territory, while at the same time allowing Palestinians to circumvent Israel’s blockade of Gaza’s borders.\n\nSoviet tunnels and Ukraine\n\nMany of the tunnels being utilized today in Ukrainian efforts to defend the country were built in the Cold War-era, when the United States routinely engaged in overflights of Soviet territory.\n\nTo counteract the significant air and satellite advantage held by the United States and NATO, the Soviet military dug underground passages under major population centers.\n\nThese subterranean systems offered a certain amount of shelter for the civilian population in the event of a nuclear attack and allowed for the movement of military forces unobserved by the ever-present eyes in the sky.\n\n[Over 150,000 readers rely on The Conversation’s newsletters to understand the world. Sign up today.]\n\nThese same tunnels serve to connect much of the industrial infrastructure in Mariupol today – and have become a major asset for the outnumbered Ukrainian forces.\n\nOther Ukrainian cities have similar systems, some dating back centuries. For example, Odesa, another key Black Sea port, has a catacomb network stretching over 2,500 kilometers. It began as part of a limestone mining effort – and to date, there is no documented map of the full extent of the tunnels.\n\nIn the event of a Russian assault on Odesa, the local knowledge of the underground passages might prove to be an extremely valuable asset for the defenders. The fact that more than 1,000 entrances to the catacombs have been identified should surely give Russian attackers pause before commencing any attack upon the city – just as the tunnels under a steelworks in Mariupol forced Putin to rethinks plans to storm the facility.', 'image': 'https://images.theconversation.com/files/459531/original/file-20220425-26-z10wv.jpg?ixlib=rb-1.1.0&rect=5%2C190%2C3410%2C1705&q=45&auto=format&w=1356&h=668&fit=crop', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:47'}
{'title': 'Ukraine prepares war crimes charges against Russian military personnel, including pilots', 'keywords': ['crimes', 'suspects', 'kyiv', 'international', 'ukrainian', 'pilots', 'personnel', 'potential', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0356, 'subjectivity': 0.3434, 'link': 'https://www.reuters.com/world/europe/ukraine-prepares-war-crimes-charges-against-russian-military-personnel-including-2022-04-26/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:57', 'summary': 'Ukraine says it is investigating some 7,600 potential war crimes and at least 500 suspects following Russia\'s Feb. 24 invasion of its neighbour.\nUkraine’s probe is at the centre of multiple efforts to investigate potential war crimes related to the conflict, including by the ICC.\nread moreUkraine, which is conducting its investigation while still in the throes of war, is scrambling to assemble teams of specialists with war crimes expertise, evaluating potential crimes and developing its prosecution strategy.\nZera Kozlyieva, deputy head of the war crimes unit in the prosecutor general’s office, acknowledged that limited access due to ongoing hostilities and a shortage of war crimes specialists presented challenges.\nUkrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy has accused invading Russian troops of committing "the most terrible war crimes" since World War Two.', 'channel': 'reuters.com', 'text': 'SENSITIVE MATERIAL. THIS IMAGE MAY OFFEND OR DISTURB Forensic technicians exhume the bodies of civilians who Ukrainian officials say were killed during Russia’s invasion and then buried in a mass grave in the town of Bucha, outside Kyiv, Ukraine April 8, 2022. REUTERS/Valentyn Ogirenko\n\nApril 26 (Reuters) - (Note: Some images in this story may offend or disturb.)\n\nThree Russian pilots suspected of bombing civilian buildings in the Kharkiv and Sumy regions are among at least seven Russian military personnel that Kyiv is preparing war crimes charges against, the Ukrainian prosecutor general’s office told Reuters.\n\nIt said the other individuals include two operators of a rocket launcher who allegedly shelled settlements in the Kharkiv region and two army servicemen suspected of murdering a Kyiv area resident and raping his wife.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\nThe prosecutor’s office said it had notified the individuals that they are suspects and the investigations are ongoing, adding no charges had been filed with the court. It didn’t name the suspects or provide evidence to support the allegations. It said some of the suspects were held as captives, without specifying where, while other charges were being prepared in absentia.\n\nUkraine says it is investigating some 7,600 potential war crimes and at least 500 suspects following Russia\'s Feb. 24 invasion of its neighbour. Prosecutor General Iryna Venediktova told Reuters that many of those suspects are in Russia but some have been taken captive by Ukraine as prisoners of war. Speaking in an interview earlier this month, she said that her office intends to follow the chain of command up the Russian political and military hierarchy.\n\nVenediktova added that she plans to pursue prosecutions both in Ukrainian courts as well as at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, the world’s permanent war crimes tribunal.\n\nThe Kremlin and Russia’s defence ministry didn’t respond to requests for comment. Moscow has rejected allegations by Ukraine and Western nations of war crimes and has denied targeting civilians in what the Kremlin calls a "special military operation" to demilitarise its neighbour.\n\nUkraine’s probe is at the centre of multiple efforts to investigate potential war crimes related to the conflict, including by the ICC. The probes are at the very early stages, people familiar with them say. The ICC has sent an advance team to the region to establish operations. read more\n\nMoscow has accused Kyiv of genocide against Russian speakers, which Kyiv strongly denies. Russia has also opened criminal cases into Ukrainian servicemen\'s alleged torture of their Russian counterparts. read more\n\nUkraine, which is conducting its investigation while still in the throes of war, is scrambling to assemble teams of specialists with war crimes expertise, evaluating potential crimes and developing its prosecution strategy.\n\n”You can see they are now exhuming the bodies, so [the investigation is at a] very early stage," a person familiar with the process said. In terms of strategy, Kyiv plans to prosecute as much as it can in Ukrainian courts but would likely leave any cases involving higher-ranking figures to the ICC, the person added.\n\nThe UN has also established its own inquiry into possible violations of international humanitarian law in Ukraine, including possible war crimes, which could feed into any prosecutions by the ICC.\n\nThere is also a European Union-coordinated effort to fast track sharing of evidence between various investigating authorities, including with the ICC. Several European countries have said they will apply universal jurisdiction, the legal principle that some crimes are so terrible they can be heard by foreign national courts, and their prosecutors could launch investigations into Ukrainian atrocities.\n\nFor Ukraine, the immediate challenge is the sheer volume of potential evidence and witness testimony that needs to be secured and recorded in a way that is usable in court, legal specialists say. That includes vast amounts of digital imagery as well as material gathered on the ground.\n\nDavid Schwendiman, a former U.S. federal prosecutor who has also helped prosecute war crimes committed during the Balkan wars in the 1990s, praised Ukraine’s prosecutor general as talented and courageous but said the country doesn’t have experience of an investigation of this scale and will need outside help processing potential crime scenes in a way that meets international standards.\n\n“Every one of those bodies is a crime scene. Every one of those buildings is a crime scene. Every city is a crime scene,” Schwendiman said. Something as small as a piece of cloth torn from a uniform, an ammunition shell or even a ligature used to tie someone’s hands could help identify a particular unit involved and so needs to be carefully preserved, he added.\n\nZera Kozlyieva, deputy head of the war crimes unit in the prosecutor general’s office, acknowledged that limited access due to ongoing hostilities and a shortage of war crimes specialists presented challenges. Speaking Thursday on a panel at international affairs think tank Chatham House, she said that Kyiv is seeking help from international experts.\n\nImages of dead civilians in Ukraine, including of mass graves and bodies of bound civilians shot at close range, have prompted international outrage, with U.S. President Joe Biden calling for Russian President Vladimir Putin to be investigated for war crimes. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy has accused invading Russian troops of committing "the most terrible war crimes" since World War Two.\n\nAccording to the United Nations, as of April 22 more than 2,400 civilians had been killed since the conflict began in late February. But the official count is likely to climb. In the port city of Mariupol alone, local authorities have said thousands of people have been killed. read more\n\nUnder international law, war crimes include intentionally targeting civilian populations, willfully killing or causing suffering, and widespread destruction among other serious violations of laws applicable in armed conflict. Individuals who commit such crimes can be prosecuted by international tribunals such as the ICC and by states.\n\nExperts for the Organization for Security and Cooperation and Europe (OSCE) nations said in a report published earlier this month that they found evidence of war crimes and crimes against humanity by Russia in Ukraine. The experts also said in the report that they’d found evidence of violations of international humanitarian law by Ukraine, particularly in its treatment of prisoners of war, but that Russia\'s violations "are by far larger in nature and scale."\n\nUkraine has said it checks all information regarding the treatment of prisoners of war, will investigate any violations and take appropriate legal action. Russia has said the report "is based solely on unfounded propaganda theses, contains references to dubious sources and logical stretches in the style of \'highly likely.\'"\n\nUKRAINE’S PROBE\n\nThe prosecutor general’s office had in recent years established a special unit to investigate potential crimes in Crimea, which Russia annexed in 2014 but Kyiv continues to claim as part of Ukraine, and Donbas.\n\nMoscow’s February invasion of its Western neighbour forced Kyiv to scale up what had been a relatively small team of prosecutors.\n\nVenediktova and her team have in recent weeks been evaluating sites where atrocities have taken place, including where Russian troops have recently withdrawn.\n\nOn April 12, Venediktova visited Bucha, near Kyiv, where French forensic experts had arrived to help Ukraine authorities establish what happened in the town where hundreds of bodies have been discovered. As the group from the French Gendarmerie\'s forensic science department looked on, workers in hazmat suits dug earth from a shallow grave and lifted out a heavy mass wrapped in an orange blanket. Citing witnesses, Venediktova said during the visit that the burnt body parts inside were those of a woman and her two children. read more\n\nRussia has said that images and footage of dead bodies strewn across Bucha were fake.\n\nVenediktova is also drawing on international legal expertise and seeking technical assistance. She has announced the formation of a task force of law firms and prominent international human rights lawyers, including Amal Clooney, to advise on securing accountability for Ukrainian victims in national jurisdictions as well as strategic guidance on cooperating with the ICC.\n\nVenediktova is in regular contact with Beth Van Schaack, Ambassador-at-Large for Global Criminal Justice in the U.S. State Department, who said the two have discussed what additional assistance Washington could provide. Van Schaack’s office has been helping to deploy specialists on the ground via a joint U.S.-European project.\n\nVan Schaack told Reuters that Venediktova’s requests for assistance include forensics expertise, such as helping determine how victims found in mass graves died and whether potential signs of torture were inflicted prior to death. Other requests include help identifying the type and origins of particular ballistics used as well as assistance clearing any mines left by Russians so that her investigators can safely access those areas.\n\nUkraine’s potentially biggest challenge, said Van Schaack, will be gaining custody of suspects, particularly those higher up the command chain. If they remain in Russia, they may “enjoy impunity for the rest of their days,” she said.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\nReporting by Anthony Deutsch in Amsterdam; additional reporting by Alessandra Prentice in Bucha, Pavel Polityuk in Kyiv, Max Hunder in London, Stephanie van den Berg in The Hague and Simon Lewis in Washington. Editing by Cassell Bryan-Low\n\nOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.', 'image': 'https://www.reuters.com/resizer/nDq-7CBfe_p85rog7ifJuxAmTCU=/1200x628/smart/filters:quality(80)/cloudfront-us-east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/AGSA2XYTQBKLTF6P7WL2RRRWUI.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:57'}
{'title': "At defence talks in Germany, U.S. says world galvanized against Russia's invasion", 'keywords': ['russias', 'ukraines', 'galvanized', 'states', 'invasion', 'ukrainian', 'weapons', 'defence', 'united', 'secretary', 'austin', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0622, 'subjectivity': 0.3479, 'link': 'https://www.reuters.com/world/us-hosts-ukraine-talks-germany-war-enters-critical-phase-2022-04-25/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:27', 'summary': 'Ukrainian Presidential Press Service/Handout via REUTERS/File PhotoRAMSTEIN AIR BASE, Germany, April 26 (Reuters) - The United States said the world was galvanized against Russia\'s two-month-old invasion of Ukraine as it hosted more than 40 countries for defence talks in Germany that sought to speed and synchronize the delivery of arms to Kyiv.\n"As we see this morning, nations from around the world stand united in our resolve to support Ukraine in its fight against Russia\'s imperial aggression," Austin said at the start of talks.\nGermany, for the first time, announced the delivery of heavy weapons to Ukraine.\nA large number of modern heavy weapons," Ukrainian Defence Minister Oleksii Reznikov said on Twitter after the talks.\nRussia\'s Feb. 24 invasion of Ukraine has claimed thousands of lives, displaced millions of people and raised fears of a wider confrontation between Russia and the United States - by far the world\'s two biggest nuclear powers.', 'channel': 'reuters.com', 'text': 'Ukraine\'s President Volodymyr Zelenskiy poses for a picture with U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken and U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin before a meeting, as Russia\'s attack on Ukraine continues, in Kyiv, Ukraine April 24, 2022. Ukrainian Presidential Press Service/Handout via REUTERS/File Photo\n\nRAMSTEIN AIR BASE, Germany, April 26 (Reuters) - The United States said the world was galvanized against Russia\'s two-month-old invasion of Ukraine as it hosted more than 40 countries for defence talks in Germany that sought to speed and synchronize the delivery of arms to Kyiv.\n\nU.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin hosted the event at Ramstein Air Base following a trip to Kyiv where he pledged additional military support to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy\'s war effort, which is at a crossroads.\n\n"As we see this morning, nations from around the world stand united in our resolve to support Ukraine in its fight against Russia\'s imperial aggression," Austin said at the start of talks.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\n"Ukraine clearly believes that it can win, and so does everyone here."\n\nU.S. Army General Mark Milley, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, cautioned that Ukraine needed more security assistance to help defend against an unfolding and potentially decisive Russian onslaught in the east.\n\nHe said the coming weeks were "critical."\n\n"Time is not on Ukraine\'s side," Milley said during closed-door remarks provided to reporters traveling with him. "The outcome of this battle, right here, today, is dependent on the people in this room."\n\nMilley added: "The Ukrainians will fight. We need to make sure they have the means to fight."\n\nDriven back by Ukrainian forces from a failed assault on Kyiv in the north, Moscow has redeployed troops into the east for a ground offensive in two provinces known as the Donbas.\n\nU.S. officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, assess that Russia will rely heavily on artillery strikes, trying to pound Ukrainian positions as Moscow moves in ground forces from several directions to try to envelop and wipe out a significant chunk of Ukraine\'s military.\n\nBut the United States also estimates many Russian units are depleted, with some operating with personnel losses as high as 30% - a level considered by the U.S. military to be too high to keep fighting, officials say.\n\nU.S. officials cite anecdotes like Russian tanks with sole drivers and no crew and substandard equipment that is either prone to breakdowns or out of date.\n\nBritish assessments showed that about 15,000 Russian personnel had been killed in the conflict while 2,000 armored vehicles including some 530 tanks had been destroyed, along with 60 helicopters and fighter jets, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said on Monday.\n\nRussia has so far acknowledged only 1,351 troops killed and 3,825 wounded.\n\nRussia still has advanced capabilities and superior force numbers, and has shown a willingness to keep pouring soldiers and units into the fight, U.S. officials said.\n\nMoscow can also economically afford to wage a long war in Ukraine despite being hammered by Western sanctions, defence experts and economists said. read more\n\nFor its part, Ukraine boasts high morale, creative and adaptive battlefield tactics and local knowledge of the terrain, along with arms and intelligence from the United States and its allies.\n\n"They definitely stand a fighting chance," a U.S. military official said, speaking on condition of anonymity.\n\nThe meeting is taking place at Ramstein, a sprawling air base southwest of Frankfurt which only months ago was grappling with an influx of Afghan evacuees after the Taliban takeover of that country last year.\n\nOrganizers said over 40 countries were attending and a scan of the meeting room showed countries mainly from Europe but also beyond, including Israel, Kenya and Australia. On a screen, representatives from South Korea and Japan attended virtually.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said.\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said at a news conference that the forum would continue as a monthly "contact group" that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\nGermany, for the first time, announced the delivery of heavy weapons to Ukraine. "We decided yesterday that Germany will facilitate the delivery of Gepard self-propelled anti-aircraft guns to Ukraine," German Defence Minister Christine Lambrecht said at Ramstein, according to the script of her speech.\n\nUkraine is calling for everything from artillery, drones and tanks to anti-ship missiles and combat aircraft.\n\n"We need weapons. Modern weapons. A large number of modern heavy weapons," Ukrainian Defence Minister Oleksii Reznikov said on Twitter after the talks.\n\nRussia\'s Feb. 24 invasion of Ukraine has claimed thousands of lives, displaced millions of people and raised fears of a wider confrontation between Russia and the United States - by far the world\'s two biggest nuclear powers.\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin says the "special military operation" in Ukraine is necessary because the United States was using Ukraine to threaten Russia and Ukraine was guilty of the genocide of Russian-speaking people.\n\nUkraine says it is fighting a land grab by Russia and that Putin\'s accusations of genocide are nonsense.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\nReporting by Phil Stewart; Additional reporting by Sabine Siebold in Berlin; Editing by William Maclean, Chizu Nomiyama and Howard Goller\n\nOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.', 'image': 'https://www.reuters.com/resizer/QQ1Fq0o8jlsjJwQ8POvPygnoc9Y=/1200x628/smart/filters:quality(80)/cloudfront-us-east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/6CCP4K7G2ROGFECRXSTDVA3SCQ.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:27'}
{'title': "US says diplomats to return to Kyiv, as 'Russia has already failed' in war aims", 'keywords': ['ukraines', 'kyiv', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'russian', 'oil', 'weapons', 'systems', 'diplomats'], 'polarity': 0.0648, 'subjectivity': 0.3544, 'link': 'https://bdnews24.com/world/2022/04/25/us-says-diplomats-to-return-to-kyiv-as-russia-has-already-failed-in-war-aims', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:37', 'summary': '"In terms of Russia’s war aims, Russia has already failed and Ukraine has already succeeded," Blinken told a briefing in Poland after the two officials returned.\nBlinken said US diplomats would first return to Lviv in the west and should be back in Kyiv within weeks.\nBut despite Ukraine having repelled the assault on Kyiv, the war is far from over.\nThe United States and NATO allies have shown growing readiness to supply heavier equipment and more advanced weapons systems.\nWAR GRINDS ONThe relative calm in Kyiv is a contrast with the south and east of the country, where the war grinds on relentlessly.', 'channel': 'bdnews24.com', 'text': 'Both men said the fact they were able to come to Kyiv was proof of Ukraine\'s tenacity in forcing Moscow to abandon an assault on the capital last month, and promised more aid to fend off Russian troops now attempting an advance in the east.\n\n"What you\'ve done in repelling the Russians in the battle of Kyiv is extraordinary and inspiring quite frankly to the rest of the world," Austin told President Volodymyr Zelensky at a meeting overnight, after a train journey from Poland. "We are here to support you in any way possible."\n\nSaid Blinken: "The reason we\'re back is because of you, because of the extraordinary courage, leadership and success that you\'ve had in pushing back this horrific Russian aggression."\n\nUS officials said they pledged new assistance worth $713 million for Zelensky\'s government and other countries in the region. An extra $322 million in military aid for Ukraine would take total US security assistance since the invasion to about $3.7 billion, one official said.\n\n"It will provide support for capabilities Ukraine needs, especially the fight in the Donbas," the official said. It would also help Ukraine\'s armed forces transition to more advanced weapons and air defence systems -- essentially NATO capable systems, the official added on condition of anonymity.\n\nWestern arms for Ukraine have infuriated Moscow. Russia\'s ambassador in Washington said Moscow had sent a diplomatic note stressing "the unacceptability of this situation when the United States of America pours weapons into Ukraine, and we demanded an end to this practice".\n\nThe meeting between the US delegation and Ukraine\'s leaders ran for three hours, or more than double the allotted time, a US official said.\n\n"In terms of Russia’s war aims, Russia has already failed and Ukraine has already succeeded," Blinken told a briefing in Poland after the two officials returned.\n\nRussia has always denied intending to overthrow Ukraine\'s government. Western countries say that was its aim from the outset but it failed in the face of Ukrainian resistance.\n\nJust weeks ago, Kyiv was a frontline city under curfew and bombardment, with tens of thousands of Russian troops massing on its northern outskirts. Residents spent nights huddled in its metro stations, sheltering from artillery.\n\nToday, the nearest Russian troops are hundreds of miles away, normal life is returning to the capital, Western leaders have been visiting and countries are reopening their embassies.\n\nBlinken said US diplomats would first return to Lviv in the west and should be back in Kyiv within weeks.\n\nBut despite Ukraine having repelled the assault on Kyiv, the war is far from over. Russia has regrouped its forces and sent more troops in to eastern Ukraine. Last week it launched a massive assault there in an attempt to capture eastern provinces known as the Donbas.\n\nRAILWAY STATIONS HIT\n\nFive railway stations came under fire in western and central Ukraine on Monday, causing an unspecified number of casualties, Ukrainian television quoted state-run Ukrainian Railways as saying. Oleksander Kamyshin, the company\'s chief, said the attacks took place in the space of an hour.\n\nAll of the country was placed under an unusually long air raid warning for two hours on Monday morning.\n\nAcross the border in Russia\'s Bryansk region near eastern Ukraine, authorities were battling a huge blaze at an oil depot. There was no immediate indication that the fire was connected to the war, but Russia accused Ukraine of a helicopter attack in that area last week.\n\nBefore the US officials\' visit, Ukraine had drawn up a list of weapons urgently needed from the United States, such as anti-missile systems, anti-aircraft systems, armoured vehicles and tanks, Zelensky aide Igor Zhovkva told NBC News on Sunday.\n\nThe United States and NATO allies have shown growing readiness to supply heavier equipment and more advanced weapons systems. Britain has promised to send military vehicles and is considering supplying British tanks to Poland to free up Warsaw\'s Russian-designed T-72s for Ukraine.\n\nIn a daily update on the conflict, Britain\'s defence ministry said Russia had only made minor advances in some parts of Donbas.\n\n"Without sufficient logistical and combat support enablers in place, Russia has yet to achieve a significant breakthrough," it said.\n\nIn an emotional address at Kyiv\'s 1,000-year-old Saint Sophia Cathedral to mark the Orthodox Christian Easter on Sunday, Zelensky said his nation would overcome "dark times".\n\nWAR GRINDS ON\n\nThe relative calm in Kyiv is a contrast with the south and east of the country, where the war grinds on relentlessly.\n\nSome 320 km (200 miles) southeast of Kyiv, Russian missile strikes on an oil refinery and power plant in Kremenchuk killed one person and wounded seven, the governor of the Poltava region said. Moscow said it had destroyed oil production facilities there.\n\nRussia also fired rockets at two towns in the central Vinnytsia region, causing an unspecified number of deaths and injuries, regional Governor Serhiy Borzov reported.\n\nUkraine\'s general staff described Russian shelling and assaults along most of the front in the east, including missile and bomb attacks on a huge steel works in Mariupol where the last Ukrainian defenders are holed up in a city destroyed during two months of Russian siege and bombardment.\n\nMoscow, which describes its actions in Ukraine as a "special military operation", denies targeting civilians.\n\nThe European Union is preparing "smart sanctions" against Russian oil imports, possibly some form of oil embargo, Britain\'s The Times newspaper reported on Monday, citing the European Commission\'s executive vice president, Valdis Dombrovskis.', 'image': 'https://d30fl32nd2baj9.cloudfront.net/media/2022/04/25/zelensky-blinken-loyed-240422-01-smr.jpg/BINARY/zelensky-blinken-loyed-240422-01-smr.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:37'}
{'title': "russia: At defence talks in Germany, US says world galvanized against Russia's invasion", 'keywords': ['germany', 'states', 'officials', 'kyiv', 'ukraine', 'russia', 'talks', 'united', 'ramstein', 'military', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0739, 'subjectivity': 0.3898, 'link': 'https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/europe/at-defence-talks-in-germany-us-says-world-galvanized-against-russias-invasion/articleshow/91097503.cms', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:29', 'summary': '"As we see this morning, nations from around the world stand united in our resolve to support Ukraine in its fight against Russia\'s imperial aggression," Austin said.\n"Ukraine clearly believes that it can win, and so does everyone here.\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said.Germany, for the first time, announced the delivery of heavy weapons to Ukraine.\nPutin says the "special military operation" in Ukraine is necessary because the United States was using Ukraine to threaten Russia and Ukraine was guilty of the genocide of Russian-speaking people.\nUkraine says it is fighting a land grab by Russia and that Putin\'s accusations of genocide are nonsense.', 'channel': 'timesofindia.indiatimes.com', 'text': 'RAMSTEIN AIR BASE: The United States said the world was galvanized against Russia \'s two-month-old invasion of Ukraine as it hosted defence talks in Germany involving over 40 countries that sought to ensure a robust, synchronized flow of arms to Kyiv US Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin hosted the event at Ramstein Air Base following a trip to Kyiv where he pledged additional military support to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy \'s war effort. "As we see this morning, nations from around the world stand united in our resolve to support Ukraine in its fight against Russia\'s imperial aggression," Austin said. "Ukraine clearly believes that it can win, and so does everyone here."US Army General Mark Milley , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said ahead of the talks that a key goal was to coordinate mounting security assistance to Kyiv that includes heavy weaponry, like howitzer artillery, to help it defend against an unfolding and potentially decisive Russian onslaught in the east."The next several weeks will be very, very critical," Milley told reporters traveling with him. "They need continued support in order to be successful on the battlefield. And that\'s really the purpose of this conference."Driven back by Ukrainian forces from a failed assault on Kyiv in the north, Moscow has redeployed troops into the east for a ground offensive in two provinces known as the Donbas.US officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, assess that Russia will rely heavily on artillery strikes, trying to pound Ukrainian positions as Moscow moves in ground forces from several directions to try to envelop and wipe out a significant chunk of Ukraine\'s military. But the United States also estimates many Russian units are depleted, with some operating with personnel losses as high as 30 per cent, a level considered by the US military to be too high to keep fighting, officials say.US officials cite anecdotes like Russian tanks with sole drivers and no crew and substandard equipment that is either prone to breakdowns or out of date.British assessments showed that about 15,000 Russian personnel had been killed in the conflict while 2,000 armored vehicles including some 530 tanks had been destroyed, along with 60 helicopters and fighter jets, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said on Monday. Russia has so far acknowledged only 1,351 troops killed and 3,825 wounded.Russia still has advanced capabilities and superior force numbers, and has shown a willingness to keep pouring soldiers and units into the fight, US officials said. Moscow can also economically afford to wage a long war in Ukraine despite being hammered by Western sanctions, defence experts and economists said.For its part, Ukraine boasts high morale, creative and adaptive battlefield tactics and local knowledge of the terrain, along with arms and intelligence from the United States and its allies. "They definitely stand a fighting chance," a US military official said, speaking on condition of anonymity.The meeting, which aims to ensure a steady flow of such aid, is taking place at Ramstein, a sprawling air base southwest of Frankfurt which only months ago was grappling with an influx of Afghan evacuees after the Taliban takeover of that country last summer.Organizers said over 40 countries were attending and a scan of the meeting room showed countries from the Middle East and Africa. On a screen, representatives from South Korea and Japan appeared to be attending virtually. "This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said.Germany, for the first time, announced the delivery of heavy weapons to Ukraine. "We decided yesterday that Germany will facilitate the delivery of Gepard self-propelled anti-aircraft guns to Ukraine," German Defence Minister Christine Lambrecht said at Ramstein, according to the script of her speech.Russia\'s February 24 invasion of Ukraine has killed thousands of people, displaced millions more and raised fears of a wider confrontation between Russia and the United States, by far the world\'s two biggest nuclear powers. Putin says the "special military operation" in Ukraine is necessary because the United States was using Ukraine to threaten Russia and Ukraine was guilty of the genocide of Russian-speaking people. Ukraine says it is fighting a land grab by Russia and that Putin\'s accusations of genocide are nonsense.', 'image': 'https://static.toiimg.com/thumb/msid-91097916,width-1070,height-580,imgsize-195116,resizemode-75,overlay-toi_sw,pt-32,y_pad-40/photo.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:29'}
{'title': "'NATO Expansion' In Reality Means Placing Territories Under US Command: Lavrov", 'keywords': ['war', 'western', 'ukraine', 'real', 'means', 'placing', 'nuclear', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.075, 'subjectivity': 0.409, 'link': 'https://www.zerohedge.com/geopolitical/nato-expansion-reality-means-placing-territories-under-us-command-russias-lavrov', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:29', 'summary': 'Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov has charged that \'NATO expansion\' in reality means that the United States wants to bring more territories under its command, with an eye towards bolstering its power in maintaining a unipolar world.\nBut we still continue to negotiate with the team that Zelensky nominated, these contacts will continue," FM Lavrov added.\nRussian FM Lavrov: The risk of nuclear war is real, but there are many who are willing to artificially inflate it.\npic.twitter.com/XBPhRC7fiP — Vera Van Horne (@VeraVanHorne) April 25, 2022Lavrov additionally on Monday addressed the prospect of direct confrontation with the US, leading to a potential nuclear war scenario.\nHe called this "serious" and "real" - but stressed that Moscow seeks to reduce "artificial risks" of nuclear war, according to RIA.', 'channel': 'zerohedge.com', 'text': 'Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov has charged that \'NATO expansion\' in reality means that the United States wants to bring more territories under its command, with an eye towards bolstering its power in maintaining a unipolar world.\n\nHe said in live comments on Russia\'s Channel One that it\'s not at all about fulfillment of the Western military alliance\'s "statutory goals" - the official line from Brussels notwithstanding - but is about "development of territories under the US command".\n\nAFP via Getty Images\n\nThe remarks were reported and translated in state media sources, coming at a moment that Finland - which shares an over 800 mile land border with Russia - is strongly mulling seeking NATO membership after Sweden indicated it would begin moving toward formal application.\n\nLavrov said: "Of course, when they accepted Montenegro, North Macedonia, Albania, how can they strengthen the security of the North Atlantic alliance, if it is a defensive alliance?"\n\nAnd then answered his own question with:\n\n"This simply shows that NATO expansion has nothing to do with the fulfillment of its statutory goals, that this is the development of territories under the US command in line with strengthening and attempting to perpetuate that same unipolar world."\n\nLavrov followed by giving an anecdote in support of his claim... that in the run-up to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the US side showed absolutely no interest in any level of compromise regarding Moscow\'s clearly articulated security interests.\n\nIn effect the Russian top diplomat is saying NATO HQ ultimately bows to the dictates of Washington. He went on to say the same thing about Ukraine\'s government as well:\n\n"And as before, many of us are convinced that the real position of Ukraine is determined in Washington, London and other Western capitals. And therefore, our political scientists say, why talk with the Zelensky team — you need to talk with the Americans, and you need to negotiate with them, and achieve some kind of agreement. But we still continue to negotiate with the team that Zelensky nominated, these contacts will continue," FM Lavrov added.\n\nTwo weeks ago he had said something along similar lines, explaining for the first time that the overarching goal of Putin\'s decision to launch the \'special operation\' in Ukraine is "meant to put an end" to both NATO expansion and US global domination.\n\nHe said at the time, "Our special military operation is meant to put an end to the unabashed expansion [of NATO] and the unabashed drive towards full domination by the US and its Western subjects on the world stage," according to RT.\n\nRussian FM Lavrov: The risk of nuclear war is real, but there are many who are willing to artificially inflate it. pic.twitter.com/XBPhRC7fiP — Vera Van Horne (@VeraVanHorne) April 25, 2022\n\nLavrov additionally on Monday addressed the prospect of direct confrontation with the US, leading to a potential nuclear war scenario. He called this "serious" and "real" - but stressed that Moscow seeks to reduce "artificial risks" of nuclear war, according to RIA. However, given the rate at which diplomatic ties are deteriorating between Russia and Europe and the US, there are now fewer avenues to ensure miscommunication and deconfliction on the nuclear front, as the situation becomes increasingly dangerous and alarming.', 'image': 'https://assets.zerohedge.com/s3fs-public/styles/16_9_max_700/public/2022-04/lavrv1.png?h=b6a39026&itok=97yDq4Qo', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:29'}
{'title': "UK's Johnson says Putin has room to withdraw from Ukraine", 'keywords': ['british', 'britain', 'withdraw', 'room', 'minister', 'ukraine', 'johnson', 'russia', 'using', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.1625, 'subjectivity': 0.4164, 'link': 'https://www.reuters.com/world/uk/uks-johnson-does-not-expect-putin-use-tactical-nuclear-weapons-2022-04-26/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:23', 'summary': 'British Prime Minister Boris Johnson looks on during a visit to Bury FC at their ground in Gigg Lane, Bury, Greater Manchester, Britain April 25, 2022.\nDanny Lawson/Pool via REUTERSLONDON, April 26 (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Boris Johnson said on Tuesday he did not expect any further Russian military failures in Ukraine to push President Vladimir Putin into using tactical nuclear weapons there, saying he had room to manoeuvre and end the conflict.\nAsked by Talk TV if he expected Putin to consider using tactical nuclear weapons if he suffered more military failures in Ukraine, he said: "No, I don\'t."\nAsked about the row, Johnson said Ukrainians had a right to protect themselves, but added that Britain did not want the crisis to escalate beyond Ukraine\'s borders.\nHe also said his government would do whatever it could to help two British fighters captured in Ukraine, but that any prisoner swap would be a decision for Kyiv.', 'channel': 'reuters.com', 'text': 'British Prime Minister Boris Johnson looks on during a visit to Bury FC at their ground in Gigg Lane, Bury, Greater Manchester, Britain April 25, 2022. Danny Lawson/Pool via REUTERS\n\nLONDON, April 26 (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Boris Johnson said on Tuesday he did not expect any further Russian military failures in Ukraine to push President Vladimir Putin into using tactical nuclear weapons there, saying he had room to manoeuvre and end the conflict.\n\nAsked by Talk TV if he expected Putin to consider using tactical nuclear weapons if he suffered more military failures in Ukraine, he said: "No, I don\'t."\n\n"Given the massive Russian backing for what he is doing, given the apparent obliviousness of the Russian media about what is really happening in Ukraine, the paradox is that Putin has far more political space to back down, to withdraw," he said.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\nJohnson was also asked about a spat between Moscow and London, after Russia warned Britain on Tuesday of an immediate "proportional response" if Britain continued to provoke Ukraine into striking targets in Russia. read more\n\nRussia\'s defence ministry cited statements from Britain\'s armed forces minister James Heappey who told BBC radio that it was entirely legitimate for Ukraine to hunt targets in the depths of Russia to disrupt logistics and supply lines.\n\nAsked about the row, Johnson said Ukrainians had a right to protect themselves, but added that Britain did not want the crisis to escalate beyond Ukraine\'s borders.\n\nHe also said his government would do whatever it could to help two British fighters captured in Ukraine, but that any prisoner swap would be a decision for Kyiv. He added that Facebook had agreed to take down a video that showed the fighters.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\nReporting by Kate Holton Editing by Chris Reese, Bernard Orr\n\nOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.', 'image': 'https://www.reuters.com/resizer/1aP6c81tVHaFAJs8qWd4vY9WcME=/1200x628/smart/filters:quality(80)/cloudfront-us-east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/RTAEHFG6LZOZPLCUXUYOMDXDSI.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:23'}

{'title': 'Boris Johnson Urged to Help Free British Fighters Captured in Ukraine', 'keywords': ['war', 'help', 'ukrainian', 'captured', 'johnson', 'prisoners', 'aslin', 'fighters', 'told', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0022, 'subjectivity': 0.161, 'link': 'https://www.theepochtimes.com/boris-johnson-urged-to-help-free-british-fighters-captured-in-ukraine_4427726.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:33', 'summary': 'Boris Johnson Urged to Help Free British Fighters Captured in UkraineBritish Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been urged to help free two British nationals who were captured by Russia when fighting in Mariupol.\nThe families said they have both been in Ukraine since 2018, long before the Russian invasion of the eastern European country.\nIt is between Ukraine and Russia,” Nathan Aslin told TalkTV.\nAnd it’s a moral obligation to do something about it.”Angela Aslin added: “I would like to hope that Boris will help.\nForeign Office minister James Cleverly on Tuesday confirmed that Aslin and Pinner should be treated as prisoners of war.', 'channel': 'theepochtimes.com', 'text': 'Boris Johnson Urged to Help Free British Fighters Captured in Ukraine\n\nBritish Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been urged to help free two British nationals who were captured by Russia when fighting in Mariupol.\n\nThe family of Aiden Aslin told a British TV broadcaster on Monday that they hope Johnson will help and have something “sorted out” so the 28-year-old and his fellow Briton, 48-year-old Shaun Pinner, can be returned to their families.\n\nThe UK government said it’s in touch with the two families to support them. It also condemned the exploitation of prisoners of war for political purposes and called for anyone detained to be treated humanely in accordance with the requirements of international humanitarian law.\n\nAslin, originally from Newark-on-Trent, Nottinghamshire, north England, and Pinner, originally from Bedfordshire, east England, are both members of the Ukrainian armed forces. The families said they have both been in Ukraine since 2018, long before the Russian invasion of the eastern European country.\n\nThe pair were captured earlier this month after their unit had to surrender after 48 days of defending Mariupol as they were “running out of ammunition.”\n\nThey later appeared on Russian state TV, asking Johnson to help exchange for them with Viktor Medvedchuk, a pro-Russian Ukrainian politician who was arrested by the Ukrainian secret services on April 12. It’s not clear if they were under duress.\n\nBoth appeared to have bruises and Aslin appeared to have been beaten. Their families later said they were in contact with the UK’s Foreign Office to ensure the Russian authorities “meet their obligations to prisoners of war under international law.”\n\nRussia’s foreign ministry on April 21 said “the Russian side [was] taking care of them,” and they were “fed, watered, and given the necessary assistance. Just like other foreigners who have surrendered or been detained.”\n\nA Russian national flag flies by destroyed buildings in Mariupol, Ukraine, on April 12, 2022. (Alexander Nemenov/AFP via Getty Images)\n\nThe UK government advises against reporting on specific individuals as this may impact their safety. The International Committee of the Red Cross also recommends not publishing images that identify prisoners of war, or show them in humiliating or degrading situations unless there’s a “compelling public interest” in doing so in accordance with the Geneva Convention.\n\nBut Aslin’s mother Angela and his brother Nathan spoke to TalkTV on Monday, pleading for Johnson’s help. Pinner’s family also previously released a statement through the FCDO, rebuking Russian media’s characterisation of foreign fighters in the Ukrainian military as “mercenaries.”\n\n“I would hope that, at some point, there will be a prisoner swap. However, it’s out of my hands. It is between Ukraine and Russia,” Nathan Aslin told TalkTV.\n\nOutlining his recent phone conversation with his brother, Nathan Aslin told the broadcaster, “It was obvious that he was with the Russian people that were holding him and he was asking for me to contact Boris [Johnson] to get this prison swap done. And to keep on asking for this swap.”\n\nAsked what he would say to the prime minister, Nathan said: “Act now when you got the time to act. You’ve got two British citizens on the line, being forced to say whatever the Russians are putting in [their] mouths at gunpoint, whether they show it on the camera or not. And it’s a moral obligation to do something about it.”\n\nAngela Aslin added: “I would like to hope that Boris will help. And talk to the Ukraine government [and] embassy. There can be something sorted out so that these two guys can come home.”\n\nAslin moved to Ukraine in 2018 with his Ukrainian fiancée and now holds British and Ukrainian citizenship. He previously fought the ISIS terrorist group with Kurdish militia People’s Defense Units in Syria and northern Iraq.\n\nPinner’s family previously said that the former British Army soldier decided to relocate to Ukraine in 2019 “to use his previous experience and training within the Ukraine military.”\n\nThe statement said Pinner “enjoyed the Ukrainian way of life and considered Ukraine as his adopted country” where he also met his Ukrainian wife.\n\nForeign Office minister James Cleverly on Tuesday confirmed that Aslin and Pinner should be treated as prisoners of war.\n\nAsked about the pair by Aslin’s local MP—former housing minister Robert Jenrick—Cleverly told Parliament he had discussed the issue of foreign volunteer fighters with the Ukrainian government.\n\n“They are clear, and we are clear, that those fighting under the Ukrainian flag for the Ukrainian armed forces in the defence of Ukraine should be treated as Ukrainian military and as prisoners of war, with all the protections that the international humanitarian law affords to those individuals,” Cleverly said.\n\nThe UK government advises against all travel to Ukraine.', 'image': 'https://img.theepochtimes.com/assets/uploads/2022/04/1.2.66462486.jpg-1200x800.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:33'}
{'title': 'Day 62 of the Invasion of Ukraine: Nuclear Threat, New Attacks and Casualties, More Aid to Kyiv', 'keywords': ['war', 'threat', 'president', 'kyiv', 'aid', 'invasion', 'ukrainian', 'region', 'ukraine', 'russian', 'world', 'russia', 'talks', 'attacks', 'day', 'nuclear', 'casualties'], 'polarity': 0.0427, 'subjectivity': 0.1743, 'link': 'https://www.novinite.com/articles/214866/Day+62+of+the+Invasion+of+Ukraine%3A+Nuclear+Threat%2C+New+Attacks+and+Casualties%2C+More+Aid+to+Kyiv', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:25', 'summary': 'Nuclear threat and World War III, new attacks and casualties, more aid to Kyiv.\nThe US wants a "weakened" RussiaUS Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin hopes the war in Ukraine will make it difficult for the Russian military.\nRussia warns of real danger from World War IIIRussian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has warned that there is a "real" danger of an outbreak of World War III as a result of the conflict in Ukraine.\nPeace talks to continuePeace talks with Ukraine will continue, Lavrov added.\nSeveral European countries have also reopened their embassies in Kyiv after Russia withdrew its troops from the region.', 'channel': 'novinite.com', 'text': 'Nuclear threat and World War III, new attacks and casualties, more aid to Kyiv. Here are the highlights of events in Ukraine over the past 24 hours:\n\nFive victims of attacks on railway stations\n\nAt least five people have been killed and 18 injured in Russian missile strikes at five railway stations in central Ukraine\'s Vinnytsia region, the Ukrainian Prosecutor General\'s Office said.\n\nThe US wants a "weakened" Russia\n\nUS Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin hopes the war in Ukraine will make it difficult for the Russian military. "We want to see Russia weakened to the point that it cannot do the things it did during the invasion of Ukraine," he said after a visit to Kyiv with Secretary of State Antony Blinken. Ukraine can win the war if it has the "right equipment", he added.\n\nAustin and Blinken pledged 0 million in additional military aid during their visit.\n\nRussia warns of real danger from World War III\n\nRussian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has warned that there is a "real" danger of an outbreak of World War III as a result of the conflict in Ukraine. "The danger is serious, it\'s real, you can\'t underestimate it," he told Interfax.\n\nPeace talks to continue\n\nPeace talks with Ukraine will continue, Lavrov added. He criticized Kyiv\'s approach to the talks and accused President Volodymyr Zelensky of "pretending" to negotiate. "Goodwill has its limits. But if it is not reciprocal, it does not help the negotiation process," he said.\n\nUS ambassadors and consuls will return to Kyiv\n\nBlinken confirmed that US diplomats withdrawn from Ukraine at the start of the Russian invasion would gradually return to Kyiv. US President Joe Biden has nominated Foreign Service Officer Bridget Brink as the next US ambassador.\n\nSeveral European countries have also reopened their embassies in Kyiv after Russia withdrew its troops from the region.\n\nThere is no deal for Mariupol\n\nThe Russian military says Kyiv has prevented the evacuation of civilians from Mariupol\'s Azovstal steel plant, where Ukrainian forces have barricaded themselves in the besieged port city, despite announcing a unilateral ceasefire. According to Ukraine, however, Moscow has not agreed to its request to evacuate wounded soldiers and civilians.\n\nPutin congratulated Macron\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin has congratulated French President Emmanuel Macron on his victory over far-right candidate Marin Le Pen, who is considered closer to Moscow.\n\nICC joins investigation into crimes in Ukraine\n\nThe Attorney General of the International Criminal Court will join the EU investigation team to investigate possible international crimes committed in Ukraine. This is the first time that its representatives have participated in a joint international investigation.\n\nExpelled German diplomats\n\nMoscow expelled 40 German diplomats after Berlin declared 40 Russian diplomats persona non grata earlier this month.\n\nBritish missiles against Russia\n\nThe Minister of Defense of the United Kingdom Ben Wallace assured that London will send to Ukraine armored vehicles that can fire missiles at Russian warplanes.\n\nRussia claims to have shot down Ukrainian drones\n\nThe governor of Russia\'s Kursk region, which borders Ukraine, said Russian forces had shot down two Ukrainian drones near the border between the two countries, in the Rylsk region of Kursk. Two people were injured in a village in Russia\'s Belgorod region as a result of Ukrainian strikes, the village mayor said.\n\n5.2 million refugees\n\nMore than 5.2 million Ukrainians have fled their country since Russia launched its invasion two months ago. More than 45,000 have left in the last 24 hours, the UN said.\n\nFollow Novinite.com on Twitter and Facebook\n\nWrite to us at editors@novinite.com\n\nИнформирайте се на Български - Novinite.bg\n\n/BGNES', 'image': 'https://www.novinite.com/media/images/2022-04/photo_verybig_214866.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:25'}
{'title': "'Breach of rights' Boris Johnson rages at Putin parading UK hostages captured in Ukraine", 'keywords': ['putin', 'aiden', 'rages', 'ukraine', 'captured', 'johnson', 'breach', 'russia', 'parading', 'prisoners', 'rights', 'aslin', 'prime', 'hostages'], 'polarity': 0.009, 'subjectivity': 0.1755, 'link': 'https://www.express.co.uk/news/politics/1601507/Boris-Johnson-latest-Ukraine-news-Aiden-Aslin-Russia-war-Vladimir-Putin-latest-vn', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:05', 'summary': 'Boris Johnson: UK hostages should not be paradedfree Ukrainians in the UK email for updates, changes and news SUBSCRIBE Invalid email Get ourUkrainians in the UK email for updates, changes and news We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you\'ve consented to and to improve our understanding of you.\nMore infoThe Prime Minister has lashed out at the Russian treatment of two captured British men Aiden Aslin, 28, and Shaun Pinner, 48 in Ukraine.\nBoris Johnson slammed the Russian military for treating the two prisoners as hostages after they were captured during the battle for the city of Mariupol.\n"They are prisoners of war and they are therefore entitled to rights under the Geneva Convention.\n"They should not be made to give hostage videos that is a breach of their rights as prisoners of war."', 'channel': 'express.co.uk', 'text': 'Boris Johnson: UK hostages should not be paraded\n\nfree Ukrainians in the UK email for updates, changes and news SUBSCRIBE Invalid email Get ourUkrainians in the UK email for updates, changes and news We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you\'ve consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. More info\n\nThe Prime Minister has lashed out at the Russian treatment of two captured British men Aiden Aslin, 28, and Shaun Pinner, 48 in Ukraine. Boris Johnson slammed the Russian military for treating the two prisoners as hostages after they were captured during the battle for the city of Mariupol.\n\nMr Johnson told TalkTV: "Aiden and other UK nationals who have been fighting for the Ukrainian Armed Forces who get captured are not hostages, they\'re not there to be swapped, you know, as though they were terrorists or whatever. "They are prisoners of war and they are therefore entitled to rights under the Geneva Convention. "They should not under the laws of war be paraded in front of the cameras. "They should not be made to give hostage videos that is a breach of their rights as prisoners of war." JUST IN: \'Putin on brink: Exiled oligarch says next round of sanctions to deliver \'serious blow\n\nBoris Johnson speaks on UK hostages in Russia, saying ‘they should not be paraded in front of the ca\n\nBoris Johnson spoke out over treatment of Aiden Aslin and fellow Briton Shaun Pinner\n\nFacebook is to take down a video of captured British soldier Aiden Aslin being taunted with the death penalty, Prime Minister Boris Johnson has said. Mr Aslin was captured while fighting with Ukrainian armed forces against Russia. Mr Johnson said the removal comes after Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries spoke to Sir Nick Clegg, vice president of global affairs at Facebook\'s parent company Meta and the UK\'s former Deputy Prime Minister. Mr Johnson told TalkTV: "Nadine Dorries rang Facebook earlier today, she rang Nick Clegg, and as I understand the matter Nick has agreed to take that down."\n\nUkraine\'s war with Russia could be \'extremely long\' says expert\n\nTrending\n\nRussia versus Ukraine mapped', 'image': 'https://cdn.images.express.co.uk/img/dynamic/139/1200x712/1601507_1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:05'}
{'title': "‘They'd probably all die': Analysts Doubt Russian Push Toward Separatist Transnistria", 'keywords': ['doubt', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'city', 'forces', 'according', 'southern', 'military', 'russian'], 'polarity': -0.0043, 'subjectivity': 0.1906, 'link': 'https://www.themoscowtimes.com/2022/04/26/theyd-probably-all-die-analysts-doubt-russian-push-toward-separatist-transnistria-a77498', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:21', 'summary': 'There are between 7,000 and 11,000 Russian soldiers deployed around Kherson, according to analysts.\nMinnekayev does not lead operations in southern Ukraine and is not the figure you would expect to lay out Russia’s military goals there, he added.\nIn particular, Russia appears to have stepped up attacks on targets in and around the southern city of Odesa.\nA Russian missile attack Tuesday destroyed a bridge over the Dniester estuary to the west of Odesa, according to Ukrainian officials.\nRescuers clear debris in a damaged building in Odessa, southern Ukraine on April 24, 2022, which was reportedly hit by missile strike.', 'channel': 'themoscowtimes.com', 'text': 'Fears rose Tuesday that Moscow could order a military push through south-west Ukraine following Russian airstrikes on infrastructure near the Black Sea coast and a series of blasts in the Moscow-backed separatist region of Transnistria on Ukraine\'s western border. The military developments followed hints from a Russian general about an attempt to link up with Transnistrian forces, and cutting-off Kyiv’s access to the southern part of the country. But military experts warn that – even if it exists – such a Russian plan is unlikely to be feasible in the immediate future given logistical difficulties and the Kremlin’s concentration of men and equipment in eastern Ukraine. “The chances of them breaking out and fighting through to Odesa and Transnistria are slim,” said Sam Cranny-Evans, a military analyst at the London-based Royal United Services Institute think-tank. “They’d probably all die if they tried.” Instead, Russian forces are currently focused on striking north from the port city of Mariupol and south from the strategic town Izyum, in an attempt to encircle Ukrainian troops in the east of the country. The so-called “battle for Donbas” could be long and arduous, according to analysts, leaving Moscow few options if it was mulling a push out of the Russian-occupied city of Kherson in the direction of Moldova. A strip of land home to about 470,000 people, the Moldovan separatist region of Transnistria is sandwiched between Moldova and Ukraine, and has been under the control of separatist authorities since a 1992 war. Russia bases about 1,500 troops there, which it refers to as peacekeepers.\n\nA fire engine is pictured outside the Ministry for State Security of Transnistria that was shelled from hand-held grenade launchers on April 25. Transnistria\'s Interior Ministry\n\n“If you look at Kherson… there aren\'t many troops compared to Izyum where there\'s potentially 25,000 pushing south,” Cranny-Evans told The Moscow Times. There are between 7,000 and 11,000 Russian soldiers deployed around Kherson, according to analysts. Transnistria is about 300 kilometers from Kherson. “The plan remains to take [the eastern Ukrainian regions of] Donetsk and Luhansk and to hold on to the southern territories Russia has taken so far,\'\' said Dmitry Gorenburg, a researcher on Russian security at the Virginia-based CNA think tank. Speculation about a Russian push through south-western Ukraine began Friday, when General Rustam Minnekayev, the deputy commander of Russia\'s central military district, said that "control over the south of Ukraine is another way out to Transnistria, where there are also facts of oppression of the Russian-speaking population.” This was followed Monday by explosions at the headquarters of Transnistria’s security services, and blasts Tuesday at two Transnistrian radio towers. The Moldovan authorities said Tuesday that the attacks were a “pretext” for stirring tensions in the region. Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told reporters that Moscow was following the situation in Transnistria closely, and expressed "concern" at the violence. Yet, despite these events, analysts said Russia was unlikely to launch an attack westward in an attempt to link up with the Russian forces based in the separatist region, and that Minnekayev was more likely setting out what Russia hopes may one day be possible.\n\nAn antenna of the Transnistrian Radio and TV Centre has collapsed after an explosion in the village of Mayak, Grigoriopol District. Transnistria\'s Interior Ministry / TASS\n\n“This was a statement to encourage the troops, rather than… revised Russian war aims,” said Gorenburg. Minnekayev does not lead operations in southern Ukraine and is not the figure you would expect to lay out Russia’s military goals there, he added. To even begin considering a breakout to the west, Russia would need to first utilize the superiority it has in air and naval forces. The sinking of the Moskva missile cruiser, the flagship of Russia’s Black Sea fleet, earlier this month has led to a more cautious approach from the Russian navy, according to Gorenburg. Instead, Russia is slowly asserting its dominance in the air. “Russian air force sorties are up 150% over the last week, about 300 a day, and that will just be unrelenting for the Ukrainians,” Cranny-Evans said. In particular, Russia appears to have stepped up attacks on targets in and around the southern city of Odesa. A Russian missile attack Tuesday destroyed a bridge over the Dniester estuary to the west of Odesa, according to Ukrainian officials. There were also several missile attacks on the port city Sunday, at least one of which resulted in civilian casualties. These strikes could be part of a wider Russian plan to herd Ukrainian forces into smaller pockets and cut-off their supply lines, leading to long-term shortages of food, ammunition and air defense equipment, according to Cranny-Evans.\n\nRescuers clear debris in a damaged building in Odessa, southern Ukraine on April 24, 2022, which was reportedly hit by missile strike. A Russian strike on a residential building on April 23, 2022 has killed eight people, including a baby, and wounded at least 18 others in Ukraine\'s Black Sea city of Odessa, Kyiv says. Oleksandr GIMANOV / AFP', 'image': 'https://static.themoscowtimes.com/image/1360/84/000_328Y6ZY.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:21'}
{'title': 'Early Edition: April 25, 2022', 'keywords': ['reports', 'president', 'yesterday', 'washington', 'ukrainian', 'report', 'ukraine', 'according', 'york', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0365, 'subjectivity': 0.2186, 'link': 'https://www.justsecurity.org/81255/early-edition-25-april-2022/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=rss&utm_campaign=early-edition-25-april-2022', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:03', 'summary': 'by Emma SnellSignup to receive the Early Edition in your inbox here.\nNine Russian missiles struck infrastructure in Kremenchuk, an industrial city in central Ukraine, yesterday according to a regional leader.\nAlina Kabaeva, the woman the U.S. government believes to be Russian President Vladimir Putin’s girlfriend, has been spared sanctions in a last-minute decision.\nTop Ukrainian officials yesterday expressed disapproval of U.N. Secretary-General António Guterres’ planned meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Tuesday.\nIgor Zhovkva, deputy head of the officer of Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, told NBC in an interview that Guterres is “not really” authorized to speak on behalf of the Ukrainian government.', 'channel': 'justsecurity.org', 'text': 'by Emma Snell\n\nSignup to receive the Early Edition in your inbox here.\n\nA curated weekday guide to major national security news and developments over the past 24 hours. Here’s today’s news.\n\nRUSSIA, UKRAINE – FIGHTING\n\nRussia has made small advances after beginning to focus on the full occupation of the Donbas region, but the lack of resources and combat support is making it hard for the Russian troops to occupy the region, the U.K. Defense Ministry has said in an intelligence update. Russia’s Ministry of Defense has proposed that the military handle payments to families of deceased soldiers, suggesting that Russia is trying to hide the extensive war losses from its own population, the update added. Ayumi Fujimoto reports for NBC News.\n\nFive train stations in central and western Ukraine came under Russian fire this morning, delaying train services, Oleksandr Kamyshim chairman of Ukrainian Railways said in a Telegram post. Julian Duplain reports for the Washington Post.\n\nRussia has said that it would investigate the cause of a large fire that erupted in the early hours of the morning at an oil storage facility in the city of Bryansk 96 miles northeast of the border with Ukraine. The ministry said in a statement that the fire had broken out at a facility owned by oil pipeline company Transneft at 0200 local time (1800 EST) and that there had been no need to evacuate any parts of Bryansk, a city of 400,000 people. Reuters reports.\n\nNine Russian missiles struck infrastructure in Kremenchuk, an industrial city in central Ukraine, yesterday according to a regional leader. “The enemy does not shy away from anything, even on such a holy day,” Dmytro Lunin, an acting governor and head of the Poltava region’s military administration, wrote on Telegram. María Paúl reports for the Washington Post.\n\nRussian attacks targeting the towns of Gorske and Zolote in the eastern Luhansk region killed six people on Saturday, the region’s governor, Sergiy Haida has said. Cora Engelbrecht reports for the New York Times.\n\nA series of artillery strikes hit central and east Kharkiv on Saturday, including a large residential area. There were no casualties in the strike on central Kharkiv, officials said. Thomas Gibbons-Neff reports for the New York Times.\n\nRussia is planning a staged referendum in the Ukrainian city of Kherson to justify “its occupation,” according to the U.K.’s Defense Ministry. “The city is key to Russia’s objective of establishing a land bridge to Crimea and dominating southern Ukraine,” the ministry tweeted in an intelligence update. María Paúl reports for the Washington Post.\n\nRUSSIA, UKRAINE – MARIUPOL\n\nUkrainian forces are still in full control of the Azovstal steel plant in the port city of Mariupol and have repelled continuous assaults by Russian infantry, Capt. Svyatoslav Palamar, the deputy commander of the Azov Battalion, said yesterday. Ukrainian forces are willing to leave the factory and evacuate the city if given guarantees of safe passage for themselves and hundreds of civilians, Palamar said. Michael Schwirtz reports for the New York Times.\n\nRussian troops may be preparing for a renewed assault on the Azovstal steel plant, according to an update by Washington-based think tank the Institute for the Study of War. BBC News reports.\n\nThe International Committee of the Red Cross issued a statement yesterday saying that it was “deeply alarmed” by the situation in Mariupol. The statement called for unimpeded access to help residents, including hundreds of wounded. Marc Santora and Austin Ramzy report for the New York Times.\n\nRUSSIA, UKRAINE – U.S. RESPONSE\n\nSecretary of State Antony Blinken said during an unannounced trip to Kyiv on Sunday that U.S. diplomats would return to Ukraine this week. Blinken and Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin traveled to the Ukrainian capital, where they met with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and other Ukrainian officials, making them the highest-level US officials to have traveled to the country since Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Kylie Atwood and Jennifer Hanlser report for CNN.\n\nBridget Brink, who is currently the ambassador to Slovakia, is expected to be named as U.S. ambassador to Ukraine – a position that has been left vacant since early 2020 under former President Trump’s administration. President Joe Biden will likely nominate her later today. María Paúl and Missy Ryan report for the Washington Post.\n\nAt the meeting in Kyiv, the U.S. pledged more than $700m in military financing to help Ukraine’s war efforts, officials have said. About half of the money will go to Ukraine, while the rest will be split among NATO members and other regional allies. In addition, the US will sell $165m of ammunition to Ukraine. BBC News reports.\n\nRussia is failing in its war aims but Ukraine is succeeding, Blinken said following his and Austin’s meeting with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Kyiv. Reuters reports.\n\nThe United States hopes the war in Ukraine will result in a “weakened” Russia that no longer has the capacity to invade its neighbors, Austin told reporters during his trip to Kyiv. “We want to see Russia weakened to the degree that it can’t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine,” Austin said. Annabelle Timsit and Julie Yoon report for the Washington Post.\n\nZelenskyy has thanked the US for its “unprecedented” support for Ukraine, following his meeting with Blinken and Austin yesterday. “We appreciate the unprecedented assistance of the United States to Ukraine. I would like to thank President Biden personally and on behalf of the entire Ukrainian people for his leadership in supporting Ukraine, for his personal clear position. To thank all the American people, as well as the Congress for their bicameral and bipartisan support. We see it. We feel it,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Ukraine’s presidential website reports.\n\nAlina Kabaeva, the woman the U.S. government believes to be Russian President Vladimir Putin’s girlfriend, has been spared sanctions in a last-minute decision. U.S. officials believe that sanctioning Kabaeva would be deemed so personal a blow to Putin that it could further escalate tensions between Russia and the U.S.. Vivian Salama, Joe Parkinson and Drew Hinshaw report for the Wall Street Journal.\n\nMultiple governors have announced that their state National Guards would be sending armored vehicles to Ukraine in response to a request from the Pentagon. Gov. Mike DeWine (R- OH) and Gov. Jim Justice (R – WV) announced that their state National Guards would be providing an unspecified number of M-113 armored personnel carriers, which help move equipment and soldiers “while providing protection from small arms fire and the effects of artillery,” according to press releases from both governors’ offices. Caroline Vakil reports for The Hill.\n\nRUSSIA, UKRAINE – GLOBAL RESPONSE\n\nIn recent days Russian authorities have stopped publishing data on government debt, trade statistics and oil production, while lawmakers work on a bill banning lenders from sharing data with foreign states. The growing blackout is part of an effort by the Russian authorities to protect the economy and domestic companies from further sanctions by the West. Limited data means that Washington and Brussels will have less visibility on whether and how their sanctions are working. Georgi Kantchev reports for the Wall Street Journal.\n\nTop Ukrainian officials yesterday expressed disapproval of U.N. Secretary-General António Guterres’ planned meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Tuesday. Igor Zhovkva, deputy head of the officer of Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, told NBC in an interview that Guterres is “not really” authorized to speak on behalf of the Ukrainian government. Quint Forget reports for POLITICO.\n\nRUSSIA, UKRAINE – OTHER DEVELOPMENTS\n\nRussia has proposed the forced donation of blood by captured Ukrainian soldiers, according to Ukrainian ombudsperson for Human Rights, Lyudmila Denisova. “This fact testifies to the analogy of the atrocities of the Nazis in the concentration camps during the Second World War,” she said in a post on Facebook. Aaron Reich reports for the Jerusalem Post.\n\nGreenpeace activists have sought to block a tanker from delivering Russian oil to Norway, chaining themselves to the vessel in a protest against the war in Ukraine. As of this morning, the Ust Luga product tanker is anchored outside Exxon Mobil’s Slagen oil terminal some 43 miles south of the capital Oslo, according to the vessel tracker Marine Traffic. “Oil is not only at the root of the climate crisis but also of wars and conflicts. I am shocked that Norway operates as a free port for Russian oil, which we know finances Putin’s warfare,” Greenpeace Norway head Frode Pleym said. Reuters reports.\n\nUkraine’s postal service has said it was targeted by a cyberattack on Friday following to sale of stamps portraying a Ukrainian soldier making a crude gesture to a Russian warship. Reuters reports.\n\nUkraine has asked the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) for a list of equipment that is necessary for the reliable and safe operation of its nuclear facilities during the war. The list specifically mentions radiation measuring instruments, shielding materials, electrical power systems and diesel generators. The IAEA reports.\n\nOTHER U.S. RELATIONS\n\nFBI Director Christopher Wray said yesterday that the current scale of espionage and cybersecurity threats from China were “unprecedented in history.” He noted that China’s hacking program is larger “than that of every other major nation combined,” adding that China’s targets span nearly every sector of the economy. Monique Balls reports for The Hill.\n\nThe Chinese government is not only mistreating Uyghurs within China’s borders, it is hunting them down abroad with help from countries like Saudi Arabia, Egypt and the United Arab Emirates, according to a new report by the Woodrow Wilson Center’s Kissinger Institute on China and the U.S.. More than 5,500 Uyghurs outside of China have been targeted by Beijing, hit with cyberattacks and threats to family members who remain in China, and more than 1,500 Uyghurs have been detained or forced to return to China to face imprisonment and torture in police custody, according to the report. Anna Schecter reports for NBC News.\n\nPresident Biden yesterday issued a statement memorializing the Armenian genocide. “Let us redouble our efforts toward healing and building the better, more peaceful world that we wish for our children … A world where human rights are respected, where the evils of bigotry and intolerance do not mark our daily lives, and where people everywhere are free to pursue their lives in dignity and security,” the statement said. David Cohen reports for POLITICO.\n\nOTHER GLOBAL DEVELOPMENTS\n\nEmmanuel Macron won a second term as president of France yesterday, triumphing over his far-right challenger, Marine Le Pen. Projections at the close of voting, which are generally reliable, showed Macron gaining 58.5 per cent of the vote to Le Pen’s 41.5 per cent. His victory was much narrower than in 2017 when the margin was 66.1 per cent to 33.9 per cent for Le Pen. Roger Cohen reports for the New York Times.\n\nPreliminary results for Slovenia’s parliamentary elections show that right-wing Prime Minister Janez Jansa has lost to centrist rivals. With 95 per cent of the vote counted, results indicated that Jansa’s Slovenian Democratic Party had won around 24 per cent of the vote. That is far behind the 34 per cent of its main rival, the centrist Freedom Movement, meaning that Jansa is highly unlikely to keep his post as prime minister. Andrew Higgins reports for the New York Times.\n\nIsrael yesterday closed its civilian border crossing with the Gaza Strip, preventing thousands of Gazans from getting to work in Israel, in an effort to pressure Gaza’s ruler Hamas to halt rocket attacks against southern Israel. The closure comes after Palestinian militants fired two rockets at Israel Friday night and one on Saturday morning. Dov Lieber reports for the Wall Street Journal.\n\nHundreds of Arab militia fighters, attacked a village in Sudan’s western Darfur region yesterday, torching homes and shops and killing at least 150 people, according to aid groups and U.N. officials. The violence, which later spread to a nearby town, was the latest in a series of clashes involving Arab and ethnic African groups in Darfur in recent months. Declan Walsh reports for the New York Times.\n\nBritish man, Luke Symons, who was held captive in Yemen without charge or trial for five years has been released from jail. U.K. foreign secretary, Liz Truss, confirmed yesterday that Symons “would shortly be reunited with his family.” She thanked Omani and Saudi negotiators as well as U.K. Foreign Office staff as he was released alongside 13 other foreign nationals in Yemen. Joe Middleton reports for the Guardian.\n\nThree policemen were killed in central Nigeria’s Kogi state on Saturday after gunmen stormed a police station in an attack claimed by Islamic State. The attack came a day after explosives planted at a bar in northeast Nigeria injured 11 people. Anna MacSwan reports for the Guardian.\n\nHealth authorities in the Democratic Republic and Congo have declared a new outbreak of Ebola, the Work Health organisation reported yesterday. So far, just one case has been confirmed and investigations to determine the source of the outbreak are ongoing. U.N. News Centre reports.\n\nSaudi princes have sold more than $600 million worth of real estate, yachts and artwork in the U.S. and Europe since the kingdom’s de facto ruler Prince Mohammed bin Salman tightened the purse strings of the ultrawealthy ruling family. The transactions represent a radical change of fortune for senior princes who funnelled windfalls from oil booms in the 1970s and 1980s into some of the world’s most exclusive markets. “They’ve clearly been cut down to a disciplined, defined regimen and are having to live on that,” said British historian Robert Lacey, who has chronicled the Saudi ruling family since the 1980s. Prince Mohammed is “here for the long term and he’s reshaping things in a long-term fashion.” Stephen Kalin reports for the Wall Street Journal.\n\nJAN. 6, 2021 ATTACK\n\nRep. Marjorie Taylor Greene (R-GA) was confronted in court on Friday over past social media posts advocating violence against Democrats. At the hearing in Atlanta, to determine if Greene is constitutionally barred from running for reelection because of her alleged role in the Jan. 6 attack, the congressperson repeatedly said she couldn’t remember past comments or interactions. Andrew Kaczynski and Em Steck report for CNN.\n\nOTHER DOMESTIC DEVELOPMENTS\n\nTwitter Inc. is in discussions to sell itself to Elon Musk and could finalize a deal as soon as this week. The two sides met Sunday to discuss Musk’s proposal and were making progress, according to sources familiar with the matter. However, there is no guarantee they will reach a deal. Cara Lombardo and Dana Cimilluca report for the Wall Street Journal.\n\nA U.S. Air Force general officer has been found guilty of abusive sexual contact, in the first-ever court-martial trial and conviction of a general officer in the history of the military branch. Maj. Gen. William T. Cooley was found guilty on one of three specifications of sexual assault connected to a 2018 incident in New Mexico, the Air Force said in a statement. Aaron Pellish reports for CNN.\n\nThe Supreme Court will hear arguments today in the case of Joseph Kennedy – a Washington state high school football coach who lost his job after he refused to stop praying on the field immediately after games. “There is good reason to think that its newly expanded conservative majority will not only rule in Kennedy’s favor but also make a major statement about the role religion may play in public life,” Adam Liptak reports for the New York Times.\n\nThis morning a judge will consider whether to hold former President Trump in contempt for violating a court order that he comply with a subpoena regarding a civil investigation into his business practices. New York Attorney General Letitia James (D) is asking a state court judge to fine Trump $10,000 for each day that he has failed to turn over documents relevant to the subpoena. Harper Neidig reports for The Hill.\n\nFBI Director Christopher Wray yesterday highlighted an increase in violence against police officers last year, including a jump in police murders. “Violence against law enforcement in this country is one of the biggest phenomena that I think doesn’t get enough attention,” Wray said in an interview, adding that in 2021, “officers were being killed at a rate of almost one every five days.” Monique Beals reports for The Hill.\n\nA Colorado man who set himself on fire in front of the Supreme Court on Friday in an apparent Earth Day protest against climate change has died. The Metropolitan Police Department of Washington, D.C., said that Wynn Bruce, 50, of Boulder, Colo., died on Saturday from his injuries after being airlifted to a hospital following the incident. Chris Cameron reports for the New York Times.\n\nCOVID-19\n\nCOVID-19 has infected over 80.98 million people and has now killed over 991.254 people in the United States, according to data compiled by Johns Hopkins University. Globally, there have been over 507.56 million confirmed coronavirus cases and over 6.21 million deaths. Sergio Hernandez, Sean O’Key, Amanda Watts, Byron Manley and Henrik Pettersson report for CNN.\n\nA map and analysis of the vaccine roll out across the U.S. is available at the New York Times.\n\nA map and analysis of all confirmed cases of the virus in the U.S. is available at the New York Times.\n\nU.S. and worldwide maps tracking the spread of the pandemic are available at the Washington Post.\n\nA state-by-state guide to lockdown measures and reopenings is provided by the New York Times.', 'image': 'https://www.justsecurity.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/GettyImages-73086221-1-e1512768873185.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:03'}
{'title': 'UK support for attacks on Russian soil triggers response', 'keywords': ['triggers', 'response', 'kiev', 'support', 'ukrainian', 'weapons', 'russia', 'soil', 'forces', 'warned', 'attacks', 'military', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0205, 'subjectivity': 0.2352, 'link': 'https://www.rt.com/russia/554557-uk-ukraine-strike-warning/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=rss&utm_campaign=RSS', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:16', 'summary': 'Any attempts to do so would invoke an immediate response, the ministry warned in a statement on Tuesday.\nAs we have warned, the Russian armed forces are on standby around the clock to retaliate with long-range high-precision weapons against decision-making centers in Kiev,” the military warned.\nThe UK has been among the top arms suppliers of Kiev, pouring thousands of anti-tank missiles into the country ahead of the large-scale Russian military operation that kicked off in late February.\n“These weapons will be a legitimate target for the Russian Armed Forces,” Lavrov stated.\nKiev insists the Russian offensive was completely unprovoked and has denied claims it was planning to retake the two republics by force.', 'channel': 'rt.com', 'text': 'Any attempts to do so would invoke an immediate “proportional” response, Moscow has warned\n\nThe Russian Ministry of Defense has accused London of a “direct provocation” after British Armed Forces Minister James Heappey encouraged Ukrainian forces to use UK-supplied weapons to attack targets inside Russia. Any attempts to do so would invoke an immediate response, the ministry warned in a statement on Tuesday.\n\n“We want to emphasize that London’s direct provocation of the Kiev regime to such actions, should they attempt to do so, will immediately lead to our proportional response. As we have warned, the Russian armed forces are on standby around the clock to retaliate with long-range high-precision weapons against decision-making centers in Kiev,” the military warned.\n\nThe ministry went on to say that “advisers from one of the Western nations” located in these centers “won’t necessarily be a problem” in Russia’s decision-making regarding retaliatory measures.\n\nEarlier in the day, Heappey said Kiev can use UK-supplied weapons to launch attacks on Russian territory, dismissing fears that this would lead to an international escalation.\n\n“It is completely legitimate for Ukraine to be targeting in Russia’s depth in order to disrupt the logistics that if they weren’t disrupted would directly contribute to death and carnage on Ukrainian soil,” Heappey told Times Radio.\n\nThe UK has been among the top arms suppliers of Kiev, pouring thousands of anti-tank missiles into the country ahead of the large-scale Russian military operation that kicked off in late February. Prime Minister Boris Johnson recently announced an additional £100 million ($130 million) package of heavy weaponry for Kiev, which includes anti-aircraft weapons, drones, and various armored vehicles.\n\nMoscow has warned the West against ramping up weapon supplies, with Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov stating that the conflict has effectively turned into a “proxy war” waged by NATO against Russia. The country’s military has repeatedly targeted depots where these supplies are amassed and will continue doing so, he said.\n\n“These weapons will be a legitimate target for the Russian Armed Forces,” Lavrov stated. “Warehouses, including in the west of Ukraine, have become such a target more than once. How else? NATO is essentially going to war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy. War means war.”\n\nRussia attacked the neighboring state following Ukraine’s failure to implement the terms of the Minsk agreements, signed in 2014, and Moscow’s eventual recognition of the Donbass republics of Donetsk and Lugansk. The German and French brokered Minsk Protocol was designed to give the breakaway regions special status within the Ukrainian state.\n\nThe Kremlin has since demanded that Ukraine officially declare itself a neutral country that will never join the US-led NATO military bloc. Kiev insists the Russian offensive was completely unprovoked and has denied claims it was planning to retake the two republics by force.', 'image': 'https://cdni.russiatoday.com/files/2022.04/article/62681170203027416e4d8b50.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:16'}
{'title': "Russia's March from Hybrid War to Genocide", 'keywords': ['russias', 'siege', 'army', 'international', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'territory', 'genocide', 'military', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0462, 'subjectivity': 0.2356, 'link': 'https://www.thecipherbrief.com/column_article/russias-march-from-hybrid-war-to-genocide', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:03', 'summary': 'The success of the ”conquest of Crimea” operation encouraged President Putin to launch in 2014-2015 a second hybrid war against Ukraine in the Donbass region of eastern Ukraine.\nAfter the hybrid war between 2014 and February 2022, Russia now favors the pursuit of a frontal conventional war.\nBy targeting civilians, the Russian army is violating the “jus in bello” (the law of war).\nAfter six weeks of fighting, the Russian army has suffered devastating losses estimated between 10,000 and 12,000 soldiers.\nThe ongoing war in Ukraine is, strictly speaking, a war of stalemate and extermination.', 'channel': 'thecipherbrief.com', 'text': 'Alternative Perspectives\n\nOPINION — Since 2014, Russia has waged three persistent and multifaceted wars of conquest against Ukraine. The unstated strategic goal of these successive wars is Russia’s premeditated and determined fragmentation of Ukrainian national territory.\n\nThe first Russian-Ukrainian war led to the territorial conquest of the Crimean Peninsula in 2014, and its annexation to the Russian Federation. The means used by Russia to appropriate this Ukrainian territory were then unconventional, that is, from the military point of view, without recourse to regular troops of the Russian army. Analysts and strategists have described this war as hybrid and multiform. This type of warfare combines special military operations, cyber elements and informational toxication, i.e. a disinformation campaign orchestrated by a state, in this case, Russia.\n\nThe Russian special forces (spetsnez in Russian) were deployed in Crimea in uniforms without badges, in order to hide their identity and that of the sponsoring state. For this reason, the journalists present in Crimea nicknamed them, “the little green men” due to the olive-green color of their fatigues. This nickname, most often associated with extraterrestrials in contemporary popular television culture (notably the X-files), also emphasized their presumed alien character.\n\nThe success of the ”conquest of Crimea” operation encouraged President Putin to launch in 2014-2015 a second hybrid war against Ukraine in the Donbass region of eastern Ukraine. The objective of this war was to amputate a new piece of Ukrainian territory in order to further dismember the country by political and military destabilization. Russian special forces, this time dressed as civilians, hid among the pro-Russian Ukrainian fighters in the region.\n\nToday’s constant barrage of information makes it easy for countries to wage disinformation campaigns and your emotions are the weapon of choice. Learn how disinformation works and how we can fight it in this short video. This is one link you can feel good about sharing.\n\nThe hybrid war in Donbass was undoubtedly a military success for Putin. The institutions of the Ukrainian state were promptly expelled from the territory taken by the pro-Russian Ukrainian rebels. The next day, the Luhansk and Donetsk People’s Republics were proclaimed by the irredentist insurgents, supported, armed and recognized by Russia. The Donbass war lasted eight years, until February 24, 2022. The human losses from this conflict were estimated between 13,000 and 14,000 dead (soldiers and civilians combined).\n\nThe third war in Ukraine began on February 24, 2022, with a massive invasion of the Russian army from the territories of Russia and Belarus. On this occasion, Russia mobilized 190,000 soldiers to conquer and occupy the entire Ukrainian territory. To justify his entry into war against Ukraine, Putin offered, “the ongoing genocide against the Russian-speaking community of Donbass perpetrated by the Nazi government of Ukraine”. This is a baseless assertion, as no evidence was ever submitted by Russia to the UN International Court of Justice to validate this accusation. On the contrary, the Court ordered Russia to suspend its invasion of Ukraine on March 16, 2022; the order, however, remained a dead letter, deliberately ignored by President Putin.\n\nThe frontal and all-out war against Ukraine was also deliberately misleading, designated by Putin as a “special military operation”. Qualifying the ongoing war in such a way pursues the goal of hiding Russia’s real intentions from the Russian people and the international community.\n\nAfter the hybrid war between 2014 and February 2022, Russia now favors the pursuit of a frontal conventional war. Why? Strategically speaking, such a change corresponds to new Russian goals for the war. This time Russia is no longer satisfied with just taking another piece of Ukrainian territory, but rather wants to occupy and dominate the whole country. The “blitzkrieg”, launched simultaneously on several fronts by the Russian army, aims at the annihilation of the Ukrainian armed forces and the rapid capture of major cities, including the capital, Kiev. Such a massive and all-out attack clearly underlines a desire by the Russians to eliminate both the Ukrainian government and President Volodymyr Zelensky.\n\nAfter two months of fierce fighting however, it appears that the conquest of the whole Ukrainian territory is still out of reach for the Russian army. Unable to inflict decisive losses on the Ukrainian army, the Russian military is massively and indiscriminately bombing Ukrainian cities and causing an exodus of civilians, unseen in Europe since the Second World War. The war against Ukraine has forced 5 million Ukrainians to flee their country and another 6 million to become internal refugees.\n\nBy targeting civilians, the Russian army is violating the “jus in bello” (the law of war). In fact, the violence against civilians and cities in Ukraine has alerted UN institutions, in particular the General Assembly and the International Criminal Court (ICC). At the UN General Assembly session held on March 2, 2022, 141 member states condemned the Russian aggression against Ukraine; 35 abstained and only 5 supported Russia. Among the five states in favor were Russia and Belarus. Note here, that the UN currently has 193 member states.\n\nThe International Criminal Court (ICC) opened an investigation on March 2, 2022, into war crimes and crimes against humanity that may have been committed in Ukraine since 2013. This request was made to the Court by 39 of its 123 member states.\n\nAt a more strategic level, the element that is proving to be a determining factor in the present conflict is the surprising capacity of the Ukrainian military-civilian army to resist the ongoing Russian invasion. The Ukrainian army, by launching counter-offensives on several fronts, has forced the Russian occupiers to change their preferred form of warfare and strategic objectives. After six weeks of fighting, the Russian army has suffered devastating losses estimated between 10,000 and 12,000 soldiers. These are higher losses than those suffered by the Soviet army in Afghanistan during ten years of fighting (1979-1989).\n\nAfter two months of combat, the Blitzkrieg initially practiced by the Russian army, has turned into siege warfare, which has entailed great suffering for the civilians in Ukraine’s larger cities. This form of warfare was also undertaken in the past by the Russian army in Chechnya (the siege of the capital, Grozny) and in Syria (the siege of Aleppo). Serbia, a Russian ally in the Balkans, also practiced this type of siege warfare against Bosnia and Croatia during the disintegration of Yugoslavia (1991-1995). The siege of Kharkiv bears similarities to that of Sarajevo in Bosnia and the siege of Mariupol to that of Vukovar in Croatia.\n\nAccording to the latest reports, the Ukrainian defense of Mariupol seems on the verge of collapse despite defying a Russian ultimatum to surrender at the end of Easter weekend. This concerning development takes place after the humiliating, and highly symbolic, sinking of the Russian flagship of the Black Sea Fleet, thanks to what appears to have been a successful Ukrainian missile attack. In response, Russia’s military declared it’s clear intention to intensify strikes on the capital, Kyiv. The siege of Mariupol has been compared by Ukrainian and US officials to the siege of Leningrad during World War II.\n\nSome of those responsible for the sieges of cities in Croatia and Bosnia were sentenced by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY). The case of the former president of Serbia, Slobodan Milosevic, who was accused by the ICTY of genocide and war crimes, is worth mentioning. He died in a cell before the end of his trial. On these grounds, it is to be hoped that the war criminals who are currently bombing Ukrainian cities and humanitarian corridors will end up before international justice.\n\nThe ongoing war in Ukraine is, strictly speaking, a war of stalemate and extermination. Once again, the Yugoslav example is revealing in the context of the present situation.\n\nOn one hand, the war in ex-Yugoslavia lasted from 1991 to 2000. On the other hand, the recent massacres in Bucha, near Kiev, during the withdrawal of Russian forces, are the most morbid proof of the will of Putin’s regime to enact extermination. They are blatantly reminiscent of the criminal ethnic cleansing of the war in Bosnia-Herzegovina (1992-1995).\n\nFrance, Germany, Spain, Sweden, Italy and Denmark have announced the expulsion of dozens of Russian diplomats in response to alleged war crimes committed by the Russian army in Ukraine. Reciprocation should follow shortly on the Russian side. This type of war presages a long-lasting conflict.\n\nTo accelerate and find a lasting diplomatic solution in Ukraine, it is essential to help the Ukrainian army. At present, the United States, Great Britain and Canada are the most committed to arming Ukraine. It is also time for the members of the European Union to do more.\n\nIt is only the change in the balance of power on the battlefield that will force Russia to negotiate in good faith and bring peace to Ukraine.\n\nAfter approximately two months of fighting, the repositioning and concentrating of the Russian armed forces in southeastern Ukraine, suggests that the Ukrainian state will eventually be divided into two distinct political units: eastern Ukraine, controlled entirely by Russia, and western Ukraine, controlled by the current government under President Zelensky.\n\nThis scenario is similar to the division of Korea at the end of the Korean War (1950-1953) into South and North Korea. The international community must mobilize more substantially to prevent this catastrophic scenario for the sovereignty, territorial integrity and security of Ukraine and, more broadly, that of Central and Eastern Europe.\n\nThe opinions expressed here are those of the authors alone and do not reflect the official policies or positions of Public Safety Canada or any of its components, or any other part of the Canadian government.\n\nSharing informed opinions is important. Opinion pieces represent the diverse views of The Cipher Brief audience and do not represent views of The Cipher Brief.', 'image': 'https://www.thecipherbrief.com/wp-content/themes/cipher/favicon/apple-touch-icon.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:03'}
{'title': 'Russia announces expulsion of 40 German diplomats in tit-for-tat move - as it happened', 'keywords': ['russias', 'ministry', 'titfortat', 'president', 'announces', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'russian', 'oil', 'defense', 'military', 'diplomats'], 'polarity': 0.0109, 'subjectivity': 0.236, 'link': 'https://www.dw.com/en/russia-announces-expulsion-of-40-german-diplomats-in-tit-for-tat-move-as-it-happened/a-61577651?maca=en-rss-en-eu-2092-rdf', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:42', 'summary': 'Watch video 02:42 Russia expels German diplomats: Leonie von Hammerstein reportsRussia declares 40 German diplomats \'persona non grata\'Russia\'s Foreign Ministry says it has declared 40 employees of German diplomatic institutions in Russia "persona non grata."\nOn April 21, Russian President Vladimir Putin said that he cancelled plans to storm the Azovstal plant in Mariupol.\nWhen freedom is defended in one country, it is defended all over the world," said the Ukrainian president.\nBlinken said that Russia\'s military was underperforming and its economy was "in shambles" due to sanctions and a mass "exodus" from the country.\nEU considering \'smart sanctions\' against Russian oilThe European Union is preparing "smart sanctions" against Russian oil imports, the UK newspaper The Times reported.', 'channel': 'dw.com', 'text': 'Russia declares 40 German diplomatic mission staff \'persona non grata\'\n\nBlinken, Austin announce aid, diplomatic surge in visit to Kyiv\n\nFinland and Sweden reportedly to submit NATO applications jointly in mid-May\n\nMissiles reportedly hit five train stations in central and western Ukraine\n\nRussia announces ceasefire at Mariupol steel plant, Ukraine says no agreement made\n\nThese live updates are now closed. For our latest from April 26, click here\n\nMariupol authorities say new mass grave found\n\nVadym Boychenko, the mayor of the besieged city of Mariupol, said a new mass grave had been identified 10 kilometers (6 miles) north of the city.\n\nSeveral victims were located there, though authorities are trying to identify how many victims are in the unmarked graves.\n\nOver the past several days, satellite photos have shown what appear to be images of mass graves on the outskirts of the city.\n\nMariupol has been under siege for two months, with 100,000 civilians remaining trapped in the city. The remaining Ukrainian forces in the city are holding out in a sprawling steel factory. Ukrainian officials have been trying for weeks to secure the safe evacuation of civilians.\n\nShould Russian forces succeed in completely capturing Mariupol, they will have a land corridor to Crimea, which Russia seized in 2014.\n\nWatch video 04:24 Photos suggest mass graves outside Mariupol: DW\'s Mathias Bölinger\n\nRussian foreign minister warns \'real\' danger of third world war developing\n\nRussian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov told state television that NATO weapons deliveries mean that the alliance is "in essence" engaged in war with Russia through a proxy, adding that Western arms deliveries in Ukraine would be "legitimate targets" for Russian forces.\n\n"Storage facilities in western Ukraine have been targeted more than once [by Russian forces]. How can it be otherwise?" Lavrov said. "NATO, in essence, is engaged in a war with Russia through a proxy and is arming that proxy. War means war," he added.\n\nIn another interview late Monday, Lavrov vowed peace talks with Ukraine would continue even as he warned of a "real" danger of the conflict in Ukraine escalating into a third world war.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, you can\'t underestimate it," Lavrov told the Interfax news agency.\n\nThe foreign minister also told Russian state television that Moscow wants to reduce the chance of "artificially" elevating the risks of a nuclear conflict.\n\n"This is our key position on which we base everything. The risks now are considerable," Lavrov said.\n\nWhen asked if the current situation in Ukraine was comparable to the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962, Lavrov said that "back then there were actually only a few rules, written rules."\n\nHowever, Lavrov said that during that time, there were "clear rules of conduct" and a channel of communication between the leaders of the US and Soviet Union that doesn\'t exist today.\n\nThe foreign minister also criticized Ukraine\'s approach to negotiations following Russia\'s invasion of the country on February 24. Lavrov accused Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky of "pretending" to negotiate.\n\nHe told Russian news agencies the content of peace talks would depend on the military situation and added, "Good will has its limits. But if it isn\'t reciprocal, that doesn\'t help the negotiation process."\n\n"We are continuing to engage in negotiations with the team delegated by Zelenskyy, and these contacts will go on," Lavrov said.\n\nUK defense minister promises armored vehicles with missile launchers\n\nUK Defense Minister Ben Wallace said the British government believes Russia has lost approximately 15,000 soldiers since Russian forces invaded Ukraine February 24. By contrast, Ukraine has claimed 22,000 Russian troops were killed since the invasion.\n\nRussia has acknowledged only 1,351 military deaths.\n\nAdditionally, Wallace said the UK believes Russia lost 60 jets and helicopters, 2,000 armored vehicles and 530 tanks, saying they were either destroyed or captured, some by Ukrainian tractors.\n\nUkraine has stated Russian losses of materiel at 181 fighter jets and 154 helicopters, 2,258 military vehicles and 884 tanks.\n\nWallace added Russia deployed 120 tactical battalion groups during the invasion of Ukraine, amounting to 65% of Russia\'s total infantry units. Wallace said at least 25% of Russia\'s ground forces are no longer combat ready.\n\nThe UK defense secretary said his country would soon send "a small number" of Stormer armored vehicles equipped with missile launchers.\n\nWatch video 03:55 Security expert: \'Sending arms is neither illegal nor unusual\'\n\nEuropean Commission President addresses Russia on India visit\n\nEuropean Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said in New Delhi that Russian aggression in Ukraine is a direct threat to European security.\n\nSpeaking at a geopolitical conference, von der Leyen said that Russia was: "Targeting and killing innocent civilians. Redrawing borders by force. Subjugating the will of a free people. This goes against core principles enshrined in the U.N. Charter."\n\nShe added that Russia\'s "unprovoked and unjustified aggression against Ukraine" would be a "strategic failure." She said the EU was "doing all we can to help Ukraine fight for its freedom."\n\nGermany wants to secure the grain supply from Ukraine by rail\n\nThe German government wants to use rail transport to arrange alternative means of exporting grain from Ukraine.\n\n"I am committed to ensuring that the 20 million tons of grain can be transported to avert a global food catastrophe," Michael Theurer, a Bundestag member with a role at the Transport Ministry, told the German business daily Handelsblatt.\n\nAccording to Theurer, talks were being held with the Ukrainian railways and other European railways — with Deutsche Bahn also set to play a role. Owing to the blockade of Ukrainian ports, it is not currently possible to export Ukrainian grain by sea.\n\nBoth Russia and Ukraine are among the most prolific exporters of wheat on the planet.\n\nOn April 23, Ukraine and Poland announced that they would create a joint logistics company to increase the volume of rail transportation of Ukrainian goods to the EU and world markets via Europe.\n\nRussia says Trans-Dniester hit with explosions\n\nRussian state-run media outlets are reporting explosions near a government building in the Trans-Dniester region of Moldova, where Russia backs its proxy forces who call themselves separatists.\n\nTrans-Dniester, also referred to as Transnistria in English, is a narrow strip of land on the east bank of the Dniester River, sandwiched between Ukraine and Moldova. The breakaway region seceded from Moldova after a brief military conflict in 1992 following the break up of the former Soviet Union.\n\nEarlier, Putin accused the West of "terror" while urging prosecutors to be tough after Russia accused "neo-Nazis" from Ukraine of attempting to assassinate numerous Russian state media personalities and bosses including presenter Vladimir Solovyev and state media head Margarita Simonyan.\n\nSweden and Finland agree to submit NATO applications\n\nFinnish newspaper Italehti reports Finland and Sweden have agreed to submit NATO applications at the same time during the week of May 16.\n\nSwedish paper Expressen writes that its sources confirm there is an agreement between the two countries.\n\nFinnish President Sauli Niinisto is scheduled to arrive in Stockholm in the middle of that week.\n\nBerlin says Russia\'s expulsion of diplomats \'not justified\'\n\nGermany Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock has condemned Russia\'s announcement that it will expel 40 German diplomatic staff.\n\nThe move by Moscow was said to by a symmetrical response to Germany\'s expulsion of the same number of staff from Russian diplomatic missions earlier this month.\n\nHowever, Baerbock said the Russian staff expelled from Germany had been spies, rather than diplomats.\n\n"We expected today\'s step, but it is in no way justified," Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock said in a statement.\n\nBaerbock said that the 40 Russian diplomats expelled by Berlin "did not serve diplomacy for a single day" while those who were expelled by Russia had "not done anything wrong."\n\nWatch video 02:42 Russia expels German diplomats: Leonie von Hammerstein reports\n\nRussia declares 40 German diplomats \'persona non grata\'\n\nRussia\'s Foreign Ministry says it has declared 40 employees of German diplomatic institutions in Russia "persona non grata."\n\nIn a statement, the ministry said it had summoned Germany\'s ambassador in Moscow and handed him a note. The ministry said it was "a symmetrical response" to the German government\'s decision to expel 40 Russian diplomats from Germany on April 4.\n\nMoscow\'s letter of protest said statements made at the time by Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock were unacceptable.\n\nBaerbock had spoken of "a significant number of members of the Russian embassy, undesirables who have worked every day here in Germany against our freedom, against the cohesion of our society."\n\nThe Russian Foreign Ministry said it also objected to "insinuations" Baerbock had made about events unfolding in Ukraine.\n\nAn assessment by the German news agency DPA said the number corresponded to about one-third of the German diplomatic corps in Russia.\n\nThe RIA news agency also reported that Russia\'s foreign ministry has said that unfriendly actions against Russians will not go unanswered. It cited the ministry as saying Moscow could seize assets held in Russia as a response.\n\nGreenpeace activists chained their boat to Russian tanker in Norway\n\nGreenpeace activists in Norway have chained their boat to a Russian oil tanker in protest oil imports from Russia.\n\nThe aim was to prevent the shipping of thousands of tons of oil to Norwegian ports, Greenpeace Norway said on its website.\n\nThe four activists, who held up banners with "Stop fuelling the war" and "Oil fuels war" from three small boats and kayaks, called on the Norwegian government to halt the import of Russian fossil fuels.\n\n"I\'m shocked that Norway is operating as a free port for Russian oil, when we know it is financing Russian President Vladimir Putin\'s war," Frode Pleym, Greenpeace\'s head in Norway, said.\n\nPleym is among the activists who chained their boat to the Russian tanker\'s anchor chain off the Oslofjord terminal.\n\nNorwegian police later said they had arrested 20 Greenpeace and Extinction Rebellion activists who blocked the Russian tanker.\n\nGreenpeace members, who had their boat chained to a Russian tanker, held the banners "Stop fuelling the war" and "Oil fuels war"\n\nEstonian PM urges Germany to act now, not later\n\nEstonian Prime Minister Kaja Kallas has told DW that her country expects Germany to show strong leadership and deter Russian aggression.\n\nThe comments come with the German government facing criticism over its reluctance to ban Russian oil and send heavy weapons such as tanks to Ukraine.\n\n"Our neighbors\' problems today are our problems tomorrow," said Kallas. "If we don\'t help our neighbors when their house is on fire, the fire will also catch your house."\n\nWatch video 02:33 Estonian PM Kaja Kallas: \'Our neighbor\'s problems today are our problems tomorrow\'\n\nKallas welcomed Germany\'s commitment to NATO\'s Article 5 on collective defense. However, she said tough decisions now could reduce the likelihood of an attack against the alliance further down the line.\n\n"Germany has said Article 5 is ironclad and Germany will come to help if necessary, but then it is also important for everybody, including Germany, to make those decisions so that we make NATO stronger — and there will be no need to come to any help at all."\n\n"Of course, gas or oil could be expensive, but freedom is really priceless," Kallas said, adding: "Strong sanctions, hitting hard, would be something that would maybe end this war."\n\nNo agreement with Russia on Mariupol corridor — Ukrainian deputy PM\n\nUkrainian Deputy Prime Minister Iryna Vereshchuk said that Kyiv had not reached any agreement with Moscow on establishing a humanitarian corridor out of the southeastern city of Mariupol.\n\nRussia said it would open a humanitarian corridor for civilians to leave the Azovstal steel plant in Mariupol.\n\n"It is important to understand that a humanitarian corridor opens by the agreement of both sides," Vereshchuk said on Telegram. "A corridor announced unilaterally does not provide security, and therefore is not a humanitarian corridor."\n\nHead of Ukrainian Railways: We keep running operations\n\nIn an interview with DW, Oleksandr Kamyshin, the chairman of the state-run Ukrainian Railways, said that five railway facilities in central and western Ukraine were significantly damaged on Monday after the numerous rocket strikes.\n\n"Today in the morning, the Russians shelled five stations. Some stations were shot twice. Some stations were shelled once and some missiles were blocked by Ukraine’s air defense system," he told DW.\n\nThe Russian troops "shelled stations, bridges, tracks and railway stations hundreds of times. And meanwhile, we suffer much. But we keep running operations," Kamyshin said.\n\nWatch video 04:43 Ukraine\'s rail chief: \'We suffer much, but we keep running operations\'\n\nAccording to Kamyshin, the railway maintains the "lifeline of the country," because the air space above Ukraine cannot be used because of the war. "We don\'t have airplanes. We have only cars and trains now," he said.\n\nThe still-operational rail links in the country have also come into political focus in recent weeks, with various foreign leaders using the trains to visit Kyiv and other parts of Ukraine.\n\n"All Western leaders who arrived to Ukraine, arrived by train. […] We call it Iron Diplomacy, and we will keep bringing more people to Kyiv. For us, it\'s important to give the opportunity to those leaders who want to show their support of Ukraine by visiting Kyiv, to travel to Kyiv safe, and travel back safe," Kamyshin said.\n\nWatch video 02:41 Courageous rail workers keep Ukraine running amid war\n\nBiden names new US ambassador to Ukraine\n\nPresident Joe Biden has named Bridget Brink as the new US ambassador to Ukraine, the White House said in a statement.\n\nBridget Brink currently represents the United States in Slovakia.\n\nBrink\'s nomination must be confirmed by the US Senate.\n\nEarlier on Monday, Secretary of State Antony Blinken said that US diplomats would begin to return to Ukraine starting next week.\n\nWatch video 02:08 US pledges more arms funding for Ukraine\n\nNo southern Ukraine secession referendum plans — Russian Foreign Ministry\n\nRussia\'s foreign ministry has denied claims that Moscow is planning a referendum on the secession of the southern Ukrainian region of Kherson.\n\n"I have not heard anything about that," deputy Foreign Minister Andrei Rudenko told journalists.\n\nRudenko also said that a face-to-face meeting between the Russian and Ukrainian foreign ministers was not planned at present. Moscow has accused Kyiv of dragging out negotiations and claims to have handed over proposals to Ukraine last week, which Kyiv has denied.\n\nUkrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on Friday accused Moscow of planning to "falsify" a referendum in parts of Ukraine\'s south that are under Russian control after Russia\'s Central Military District (CFD) command said that Moscow was planning to seize the region.\n\nWatch video 05:00 Demonstrations against Russian referendum plan in Kherson\n\n\'Right now I\'m talking to you from a bunker\' says DW correspondent\n\nDW correspondent Emmanuelle Chaze said that half of the $700 million in military assistance announced by the US will go directly to Kyiv, and half will go to NATO allies that have been supporting Ukraine.\n\nWatch video 03:21 Airstrikes near Lviv: DW\'s Jan-Philipp Scholz reports\n\nSpeaking from the western city of Liviv, Chaze added that $165 million worth of ammunition will be delivered to Ukraine.\n\nChaze said that the situation in Mariupol is "dire," adding that Ukrainian soldiers and hundreds of civilians are still trapped in the Azovstal steel plant in the city. She added that there would soon be water shortages in the area.\n\n"Right now, I\'m talking to you from a bunker because most of the country is on air strike alert," Chaze reported.\n\n"The offensive is continuing. Mariupol is still being shelled," Chaze said. "This is the everyday life here in Ukraine."\n\nWatch video 02:34 US pledges arms funding for Ukraine: DW\'s Emmanuelle Chaze reports from Lviv\n\nRussia investigates large oil depot fire in Bryansk region near Ukraine\n\nRussia said on Monday it would investigate the cause of a large fire that erupted in the early hours of the morning at an oil storage facility in the city of Bryansk 154 kilometers (96 miles) northeast of the border with Ukraine.\n\nAccording to Russia\'s Ministry of Emergency Situations, nobody was hurt in the incident.\n\nThe ministry said in a statement that the fire had broken out at a facility owned by oil pipeline company Transneft at 2 a.m. Moscow time (23:00 GMT).\n\nThere was no immediate comment from Ukraine, which has denied or not responded to previous suggestions that it has struck targets inside Russia.\n\nLast month, Russia said two Ukrainian helicopter gunships hit an oil reservoir in Russia\'s Belgorod region that borders Ukraine, causing a fire.\n\nTwo oil storage facilities on fire in the Russian city of Bryansk, just 150 kilometers from the Ukrainian border\n\nRussia announces ceasefire around Azovstal steel plant in Mariupol\n\nRussia\'s Defense Ministry said its troops would "unilaterally cease any hostilities" to allow civilians to leave the besieged steel plant Azovstal in Ukraine\'s port city of Mariupol. The ceasefire is set to begin at 2 p.m. Moscow time (1100 GMT) on Monday.\n\nThe ministry said any civilians trapped at the facility could leave in whichever direction they chose.\n\nOn April 21, Russian President Vladimir Putin said that he cancelled plans to storm the Azovstal plant in Mariupol. He said he wanted the plant to be securely blockaded instead.\n\nHowever, Ukrainian fighters at the Azovstal plant reported heavy shelling and Russian attacks in recent days.\n\nAzovstal is the last remaining pocket of Ukrainian resistance in the key port of Mariupol.\n\nGermany\'s Steinmeier meets Ukrainian Holocaust survivors\n\nGerman President Frank-Walter Steinmeier met with Ukrainian Holocaust survivors in Berlin and said that he hoped that refugees in Germany would feel safe from further attacks.\n\nSteinmeier met the survivors during a visit to a care facility in Berlin\'s eastern neighborhood of Marzahn.\n\nThe six Holocaust survivors told Steinmeier stories of their escape from Ukrainian cities, which in some cases lasted several days. The four women and two men were brought to Germany with the help of Jewish organizations.\n\nAccording to a spokesperson for the president\'s office, around 70 Holocaust survivors from Ukraine who are in need of serious care have so far been admitted in 11 German cities.\n\nGerman President Frank-Walter Steinmeier met with Holocaust survivors in Berlin who fled Russia\'s invasion of Ukraine\n\nRussia \'greeted\' Ukraine on Easter with missile strikes, Zelenskyy said\n\nIn a morning video address, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said Russia "greeted" Ukraine with missiles strikes over the weekend, when Orthodox Easter was celebrated. The majority of population in both Russia and Ukraine are Orthodox Christians.\n\n"Why was this blow needed at Easter? There is no military threat from which this could protect Russia. This is just a deliberate destruction of life in Ukraine. Destruction that did not stop even on the biggest Orthodox holiday," Zelenskyy said.\n\nThe Ukrainian president also spoke about yesterday\'s visit by top US officials. "Assistance to Ukraine was the number one issue in talks with representatives of the United States of America, Secretary of State Anthony Blinken and Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin," Zelenskyy said.\n\n"We share the same understanding with the United States: when democracy wins in one country, it wins all over the world. When freedom is defended in one country, it is defended all over the world," said the Ukrainian president.\n\nIn his address, Zelenskyy also mentioned the morning air raids in the Vinnytsia, Rivne, Lviv and Odesa regions. However, he did not provide any information on the rocket attacks reported at train stations in western Ukraine.\n\nUkraine reports deadly rocket attacks in central Vinnytsia region\n\nTwo towns in Ukraine\'s central Vinnytsia region came under fire on Monday, causing an unspecified number of deaths and injuries, according to local officials.\n\nThe cities of Zhmerynka and Koziatyn were struck by "rocket fire," local governor Serhiy Borzov said on Facebook. The attacks reportedly targeted "critical infrastructure" in the region, he said. Both cities are important railway junctions on the route from Kyiv to western Ukraine.\n\nBorzov also said the strikes caused deaths and injuries, but he did not give any numbers.\n\nRailway stations struck by missiles — Ukrainian railway chief\n\nFive train stations in central and western Ukraine have been hit by missile strikes, according to the head of the country\'s railways, Oleksandr Kamyshin.\n\n"Russian forces are systematically destroying the infrastructure of our railways," Kamyshin said on his Telegram channel.\n\nKamyshin added that trains are being forced to alter routes and schedules for security reasons.\n\nReports of missile attacks also emerged in the western city of Lviv and southwestern city of Vinnytsia.\n\nAccording to Maksym Kozytskyy, the governor of the western Lviv region, an explosion occurred on Monday morning at the traction substation of the Krasne railway station as a result of a missile strike.\n\nOne missile was destroyed by Ukrainian air defense. The missiles flew to western Ukraine from the southeast, Kozytskyy wrote on Twitter.\n\nHe added that the missiles were likely fired from Russian strategic aircraft. He had no information yet about possible victims.\n\nKyiv needs long-range fires and tanks — US Defense Secretary\n\nUS Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin said that the nature of the fight in Ukraine had changed and that Kyiv now needs long-range fires for both artillery and missiles, as well as tanks.\n\nAustin said that he and Blinken had discussed "security assistance" and "training" with Ukrainian officials. He said that the meeting was to talk about things that would "enable us to win the current fight and also build for tomorrow."\n\n"We want to see Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," Austin said.\n\nUS Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin spoke to reporters following a meeting with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy\n\nAustin is scheduled to go to the Ramstein US Air Base in western Germanyon Tuesday to speak with allies on how best to support Ukraine.\n\nThe Secretary of Defense said it is difficult for the US to track what happens to weapons transferred to Ukraine as there are no US forces on the ground, but added that he spoke to Kyiv to make sure weapons were tracked as best as possible.\n\nRussia \'failing\' in its war aims — Blinken\n\nUS Secretary of State Antony Blinken said in a press conference following a meeting with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy that Russia has been "failing" when it came to its war aims in Ukraine, while Kyiv is "succeeding."\n\n"Russia has sought as its principal aim to totally subjugate Ukraine," Blinken said. "That has failed."\n\nBlinken said that Russia\'s military was underperforming and its economy was "in shambles" due to sanctions and a mass "exodus" from the country.\n\nUS Secretary of State Antony Blinken flew to Poland before making a trip to Kyiv to discuss military assistance to Ukraine with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy.\n\n"A sovereign, independent Ukraine will be around a lot longer than Vladimir Putin\'s on the scene," Blinken said, adding that US support for Ukraine will continue until Kyiv sees "final success."\n\nBlinken said that Washington was committed to the return of American diplomats to Ukraine starting next week, and that US President Joe Biden intended to nominate a new ambassador to the country.\n\nAsked about his impression of the situation on the ground, US Secretary of State Antony Blinken said "things are beginning to get back to normal" in Kyiv, but noted that "that\'s in stark contrast to what\'s going on" in southern and eastern Ukraine.\n\nRussia has made minor advances in some areas — UK Defense Ministry\n\nBritain\'s defense ministry said in an intelligence update that Moscow has made minor advances in some areas since shifting its focus to Ukraine\'s eastern Donbas region.\n\nHowever, "Russia has yet to achieve a breakthrough" due to insufficient logistical and combat support, the ministry said.\n\nAccording to the intelligence update, Ukraine\'s defense of Mariupol has exhausted Russian units and reduced their combat effectiveness. The ministry added that the fact that Moscow chose not to attack the Azovstal steelworks means "Russian units remain fixed in the city and cannot be redeployed."\n\nMoscow claimed victory in the long-besieged southeastern Ukrainian city of Mariupol late last week, a claim Ukraine and its Western allies have disputed.\n\nBritish intelligence said that Russia\'s defense ministry has proposed compensation for the families of deceased serviceman be overseen by military rather than civilian officials. Britain\'s defense ministry believes this "reflects a desire to hide the true scale of Russia\'s losses from the domestic population."\n\nWatch video 01:57 Ukraine war: Russia\'s renewed ambitions in the east\n\nRussia increased military spending to $65.9 billion in 2021\n\nWorld military expenditure surpassed the $2 trillion mark (€1.8 trillion) for the first time in 2021, according to a report by the Stockholm International Peace Institute (SIPRI).\n\nThe report released on Monday shows Russia increased its military expenditure to $65.9 billion in 2021 to reach 4.1% of its GDP.\n\nIt was the third consecutive year of growth and Russia\'s military spending. Moscow was the fifth largest spender in the world, behind the United States, China, India and the United Kingdom.\n\nUkraine\'s military spending has risen by 72% since Russia\'s annexation of Crimea in 2014. It spent $5.9 billion, or 3.2% of the country\'s GDP, in 2021.\n\nTotal spending in Europe in 2021 amounted to $418 billion, 3% higher than in 2020 and 19% higher than in 2012. Many European countries have contributed substantial military aid to Ukraine since February 2022, and third-largest spender Germany boosted its military aid budget to €2 billion a little over a week ago.\n\nThe United States saw a drop in expenditure in 2021 due to a drop in American spending on research and development. The US is the largest supplier of military aid to Ukraine, having provided an additional $800 million in mid-April and another $322 million this Sunday.\n\nWatch video 02:24 US approves more military aid to Ukraine\n\nBlinken and Austin announce aid, diplomatic surge\n\nThe United States will provide Ukraine with $322 million in foreign military financing and has approved a $165 million sale of ammunition to the war-ravaged country.\n\nThe announcement came after US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin met Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Kyiv on Sunday.\n\nIt was the highest-level visit by an American delegation since the start of the war.\n\nThe US officials also pledged further assistance worth $713 million in foreign military financing for Ukraine and 15 allied and partner countries, with the $322 million earmarked specifically for Kyiv.\n\nThe new money brings the total amount of US military assistance to Ukraine to $3.7 billion since the invasion, officials said.\n\nThe two returned overland to Poland after their meeting. While Blinken was returning to Washington, Austin would head to Ramstein in Germany, for a meeting Tuesday of NATO defense ministers and other donor countries.\n\nWatch video 03:37 Zelenskyy hopes US Foreign and Defense Ministers bring promises of weapons: DW\'s Rebecca Ritter\n\nFire at Russian oil depot north of Ukrainian border\n\nA large fire was reported at an oil storage facility in the Russian city of Bryansk. The emergency services ministry told Russian news agencies it was a single large fire.\n\nIt was not immediately not clear how the fire started. Bryansk is located about 380 kilometers (236 miles) southwest of Moscow.\n\nThe city is the administrative center of the Bryansk region, which borders Ukraine.\n\nRussian officials on Thursday had said Ukrainian helicopters hit residential buildings and injured seven people in the Bryansk region.\n\nThere was no immediate indication the fire on Monday at the oil storage facility was related to the war in Ukraine.\n\nEU considering \'smart sanctions\' against Russian oil\n\nThe European Union is preparing "smart sanctions" against Russian oil imports, the UK newspaper The Times reported.\n\nQuoting the European Commission\'s executive vice president, Valdis Dombrovskis, the paper reported that the precise details of the oil sanctions had not yet been agreed but could include a gradual phasing-out of Russian oil or imposing tariffs on imports beyond a certain price cap.\n\n"We are working on a sixth sanctions package, and one of the issues we are considering is some form of an oil embargo. When we are imposing sanctions, we need to do so in a way that maximizes pressure on Russia while minimizing collateral damage on ourselves," Dombrovskis said.\n\nEurope spends around $450 million (€417 million) per day on Russian crude oil and refined products.\n\nAustralia, New Zealand show support for Ukraine at ANZAC Day commemorations\n\nThe leaders of Australia and New Zealand used their annual speeches on Anzac Day to show support for Ukraine.\n\nAnzac Day marks the anniversary of Australian and New Zealand soldiers landing on the Gallipoli Peninsula in 1915 during World War I but is now used to commemorate troops from all conflicts.\n\n"The invasion of Ukraine is a senseless act of war, one that is taking the lives of innocent people. It is a threat to the international laws that a nation like ours relies on — but it is also a threat to our sense of humanity. And that makes it a threat to all of us," New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern said\n\nNew Zealand was physically distanced from the conflict but "inextricably linked" to what it represented, Ardern added.\n\nAcross the Tasman sea, Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison paid tribute to the people of Ukraine, who are fighting a Russian invasion.\n\n"On this particular day, as we honor those who fought for our liberty and freedom, we stand with the people of Ukraine who do the same thing at this very moment," Morrison said.\n\nWatch video 03:34 US now clearly willing to provide Ukraine with what they need: military expert\n\nSummary of Sunday\'s events in Ukraine-Russia crisis\n\nUkrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy held talks with US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin in Kyiv. A senior Ukrainian official confirmed the meeting. Zelenskyy was expected to push Washington for more powerful weapons.\n\nRussia\'s forces sought to dislodge the last Ukrainian troops in the battered port of Mariupol. Ukraine\'s armed forces command wrote on Facebook that Russian forces were firing and performing "offensive operations" at the Azovstal steel plant.\n\nThe UN refugee agency said 5,186,744 Ukrainians have fled since the start of Russia\'s invasion, an increase of 23,058 on Saturday\'s figures.\n\nThe Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe has said it is "extremely concerned" after several of its Ukrainian members were believed to have been arrested in pro-Russian separatist territories in the country\'s east. In a tweet, the organization said it was using all available channels to facilitate their release.\n\nThe UK Ministry of Defense said Russia was planning a "staged referendum in the southern city of Kherson aimed at justifying its occupation." In 2014, Russia held a sham referendum in Crimea to retrospectively justify its annexation of the territory.\n\ndh, si, lo/sri,rs (AP, AFP, dpa, Reuters)', 'image': 'https://static.dw.com/image/61578306_6.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:42'}
{'title': 'U.S. promises new aid to Ukraine in fight against Russia | NPR', 'keywords': ['troops', 'ministry', 'kyiv', 'steel', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'russian', 'russia', 'forces', 'promises', 'fight', 'zelenskyy', 'aid'], 'polarity': 0.059, 'subjectivity': 0.238, 'link': 'https://www.kcrw.com/news/shows/npr/npr-story/1094588767', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:56', 'summary': 'Zelenskyy said it was a mistake for Guterres to visit Russia before Ukraine.\nFrance has played a leading role in international efforts to punish Russia with sanctions and is supplying weapons systems to Ukraine.\nFor the Donbas offensive, Russia has reassembled troops who fought around Kyiv and in northern Ukraine.\nThe British Ministry of Defense said Ukrainian forces had repelled numerous assaults in the past week and "inflicted significant cost on Russian forces."\nIts capture would deprive Ukraine of a vital port, free up Russian troops to fight elsewhere, and allow Moscow to establish a land corridor to the Crimean Peninsula, which it seized from Ukraine in 2014.', 'channel': 'kcrw.com', 'text': 'KYIV, Ukraine — Top American officials promised Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy hundreds of millions of dollars in new aid during the highest-level U.S. visit to Ukraine since the start of the Russian invasion two months earlier, while Britain said Monday that Moscow has yet to achieve a significant breakthrough in its offensive in the eastern industrial heartland of the country.\n\nIn meetings with Zelenskyy in Kyiv, U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken and U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin said the United States had approved a $165 million sale of ammunition for Ukraine\'s war effort, along with more than $300 million in foreign military financing.\n\nThe pledges came Sunday, the 60th day since the start of the invasion, as Ukraine pressed the West for more powerful weapons against Russia\'s campaign in the Donbas region of eastern Ukraine, where Moscow\'s forces sought to dislodge the last Ukrainian troops in the battered port of Mariupol.\n\nBritain\'s Ministry of Defense said Monday that Ukrainian troops holed up in a steel plant in the strategic city were tying down Russian forces, and keeping them from being added to the offensive elsewhere in the Donbas.\n\n"Many Russian units remain fixed in the city and cannot be redeployed," the ministry said in a statement posted on Twitter. "Ukraine\'s defense of Mariupol has also exhausted many Russian units and reduced their combat effectiveness."\n\nThe ministry added that, so far, Russia has only made "minor advances in some areas since shifting its focus to fully occupying the Donbas."\n\n"Without sufficient logistical and combat support enablers in place, Russia has yet to achieve a significant breakthrough," the ministry said.\n\nOn the diplomatic front, U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres was scheduled to travel to Turkey on Monday and then Moscow and Kyiv. Zelenskyy said it was a mistake for Guterres to visit Russia before Ukraine.\n\n"Why? To hand over signals from Russia? What should we look for?" Zelenskyy said Saturday. "There are no corpses scattered on the Kutuzovsky Prospect," he said, referring to one of Moscow\'s main avenues.\n\nIn a boost in support for Ukraine, French President Emmanuel Macron comfortably won a second term Sunday over far-right challenger Marine Le Pen, who had pledged to dilute France\'s ties with the European Union and NATO. Le Pen had also spoken out against EU sanctions on Russian energy and had faced scrutiny during the campaign over her previous friendliness with the Kremlin.\n\nMacron\'s victory was hailed by France\'s allies in the EU as a reassuring sign of stability and continued support for Ukraine. France has played a leading role in international efforts to punish Russia with sanctions and is supplying weapons systems to Ukraine.\n\n"We have a lot to do and the war in Ukraine reminds us that we are going through tragic times where France must make its voice heard," Macron told a cheering crowd in his victory speech.\n\nZelenskyy\'s meeting with U.S. officials, his first face-to-face talks with a top American official since a Feb. 19 meeting in Munich with Vice President Kamala Harris, took place as Ukrainians and Russians observed Orthodox Easter. Speaking from Kyiv\'s ancient St. Sophia Cathedral, Zelenskyy, who is Jewish, highlighted its significance to a nation wracked by nearly two months of war.\n\n"The great holiday today gives us great hope and unwavering faith that light will overcome darkness, good will overcome evil, life will overcome death, and therefore Ukraine will surely win!" he said.\n\nTo Ukraine\'s north on the Russian side of the border, a fire erupted early Monday at an oil depot, but no immediate cause was given for the blaze in oil storage tanks.\n\nNASA satellites that track fires showed something burning at coordinates that corresponded to a Rosneft facility some 110 kilometers (70 miles) north of the Ukrainian border. Moscow previously has blamed Ukraine for attacks on the Russian region of Bryansk, which borders Ukraine.\n\nSince failing to capture Kyiv, the Russians have aimed to gain full control over the Donbas, the eastern industrial heartland, where Moscow-backed separatists controlled some territory before the war.\n\nFor the Donbas offensive, Russia has reassembled troops who fought around Kyiv and in northern Ukraine. The British Ministry of Defense said Ukrainian forces had repelled numerous assaults in the past week and "inflicted significant cost on Russian forces."\n\nIn the south of the Donbas, in the strategic port city of Mariupol, a small pocket of Ukrainian troops continues to hold out against Russian forces in the Azovstal steel factory, a sprawling facility on the waterfront.\n\nMariupol has endured fierce fighting since the start of the war because of its location on the Sea of Azov. Its capture would deprive Ukraine of a vital port, free up Russian troops to fight elsewhere, and allow Moscow to establish a land corridor to the Crimean Peninsula, which it seized from Ukraine in 2014.\n\nOver the weekend, Russian forces launched fresh airstrikes on the steel plant in an attempt to dislodge the estimated 2,000 fighters inside. An estimated 1,000 civilians are also sheltering in the building.\n\nNew satellite images by Planet Labs PBC, taken Sunday, show destroyed buildings across the steelworks and smoke rising from one part of the facility. Roofs have gaping holes; a soccer field is cratered from incoming fire.\n\nMore than 100,000 people — down from a prewar population of about 430,000 — are believed to remain in Mariupol with scant food, water or heat. Ukrainian authorities estimate more than 20,000 civilians have been killed. Recent satellite images showed what appeared to be mass graves to the west and east of Mariupol.\n\nChildren in an underground bunker were seen receiving Easter presents in a video released Sunday by the far-right Azov Battalion, which is among the Ukrainian forces at the steel plant in Mariupol. The group\'s deputy commander, Sviatoslav Palamar, said the video was shot at the plant.\n\nOne toddler is seen wearing homemade diapers made of cellophane and people are seen hanging laundry on makeshift hangers.\n\n"Please help us," one woman in the video said through tears, appealing to world leaders. "We want to live in our city, in our country. We are tired of these bombings, constant air strikes on our land. How much longer will this continue?"', 'image': 'https://media.npr.org/assets/img/2022/04/25/ap22114227388546_wide-9eb963956154c6aee1f3126351ab260ec33daaef.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:56'}
{'title': "Russia-Ukraine war: Moscow warns UK of ‘proportional response' if it continues ‘provoking' Ukraine to attack - live", 'keywords': ['proportional', 'military', 'told', 'response', 'gas', 'ukrainian', 'provoking', 'security', 'warns', 'russiaukraine', 'uk', 'ago', 'russian', 'russias'], 'polarity': 0.0084, 'subjectivity': 0.2422, 'link': 'https://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2022/apr/26/russia-ukraine-war-ukraine-foreign-minister-says-moscow-senses-defeat-us-set-to-host-talks-in-germany-on-arming-kyiv-live', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:45', 'summary': "From 8h ago 15.51 Russia warns Britain of immediate 'proportional response' for 'provoking' Ukraine to attack Russia’s defence ministry has warned of an immediate “proportional response” if Britain continues its “direct provocation” of Ukraine to strike targets in Russia, Reuters reports.\nUpdated at 22.51 BST2h ago 21.56 Russia’s gas company Gazprom is also halting gas deliveries to Bulgaria, AFP reported.\nThe US has given the Ukrainian military detailed intelligence and the location of Russian bomb strikes, giving Ukrainian forces time to react before the bombs hit.\nTold about consequences of russia's military aggression.\nWe know who they are.” Ukraine has accused the Russian military of executing civilians in Bucha that Russian troops occupied for several weeks before withdrawing.", 'channel': 'theguardian.com', 'text': 'From 8h ago 15.51 Russia warns Britain of immediate \'proportional response\' for \'provoking\' Ukraine to attack Russia’s defence ministry has warned of an immediate “proportional response” if Britain continues its “direct provocation” of Ukraine to strike targets in Russia, Reuters reports.\n\nThe ministry cited statements from the UK’s armed forces minister, James Heappey, that said Britain backs Ukrainian troops carrying out strikes in Russian territory. Speaking earlier today, Heappey said it was “not necessarily a problem” if Ukraine uses weapons donated by Britain. Russia’s defence ministry said: We would like to underline that London’s direct provocation of the Kiev regime into such actions, if such actions are carried out, will immediately lead to our proportional response. As we have warned, the Russian Armed Forces are in round-the-clock readiness to launch retaliatory strikes with high-precision long-range weapons at decision-making centers in Kyiv. The ministry added that if such Russian strikes were made, it would not necessarily be a problem if representatives of a certain Western country were located at those “decision-making centres” in Kyiv.\n\n\n\n13m ago 23.45 The UN General Assembly took a first step to put the five permanent members of the Security Council under a global spotlight on Tuesday when they use their veto power, a move highlighted by Russia’s veto and threat of future vetoes that has paralysed any action by the UN’s most powerful body on the Ukraine war, the Associated Press is reporting. The resolution does not eliminate or limit the veto power of the permanent members - the United States, Russia, China, Britain and France. But for the first time it will require the General Assembly “to hold a debate on the situation” that sparks a veto in the Security Council within 10 working days, and to give precedence on the list of speakers to the permanent member who cast the veto. The assembly isn’t required to take or consider any action, but the discussion could put veto-wielders on the spot and let a raft of other countries be heard. Liechtenstein’s UN ambassador, Christian Wenaweser, who spearheaded the resolution, has said it aims “to promote the voice of all of us who are not veto-holders, and who are not on the Security Council, on matters of international peace and security because they affect all of us.” Presenting the resolution to the assembly on Tuesday morning, Wenaweser alluded to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and the Security Council’s failure to take action saying: “There has never been a stronger need for effective multilateralism than today, and there has never been a stronger need for innovation in order to secure the central role and voice of the United Nations.”\n\n\n\n42m ago 23.17 Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelenskiy believes Russia is trying to destabilise the situation in the Transnistrian region, while Ukrainian armed forces are ready for a possible escalation by Russian troops in the temporarily occupied territory of the Republic of Moldova. Answering journalists’ questions after a meeting with IAEA director general Rafael Mariano Grossi in Kyiv, Zelenskiy said that he fully shares the assessment of the situation by Moldovan President Maia Sandu. Zelenskiy also said that he discussed that issue with Romanian Prime Minister Nicolae Ciucă who was in Kyiv on Tuesday. We clearly understand that this is one of the steps of the Russian Federation. The special services are working there. It’s not just about fake news. The goal is obvious - to destabilise the situation in the region, to threaten Moldova. They show that if Moldova supports Ukraine, there will be certain steps.” According to Zelenskiy, Ukraine knows that the Russian troops, which have been present in the territory of the temporarily occupied part of Moldova - Transnistria for many years, are in “constant readiness”. “But we understand their capabilities, the Armed Forces of Ukraine are ready for this and are not afraid of them,” he added.\n\nUpdated at 23.21 BST\n\n1h ago 22.54 Britain’s Foreign Minister Elizabeth Truss is expected to call on allies of Ukraine to “ramp up” military production including of planes and tanks, the AFP is reporting after reviewing a preview of a speech to be delivered on Wednesday. In her speech, called the new approach, Truss says the UK’s new approach “will be based on three areas: military strength, economic security and deeper global alliances”. “We cannot be complacent - the fate of Ukraine remains in the balance,” her speech reads. Russia’s victory will have “terrible consequences across the globe”, Truss is expected to say. “We must be prepared for the long haul and double down on our support for Ukraine. “Heavy weapons, tanks, aeroplanes – digging deep into our inventories, ramping up production. We need to do all of this.” “There must be nowhere for Putin to go to fund this appalling war,” her speech continues. “The architecture that was designed to guarantee peace and prosperity has failed Ukraine.” “We must also follow through on the unity shown in this crisis to reboot, recast and remodel our approach to deterring aggressors.” Truss will also call for “free nations” to be “more assertive and self-confident”, according to AFP.\n\nUpdated at 23.00 BST\n\n1h ago 22.31 A senior US defense official told reporters on Tuesday that the Department of Defense established a control center in Germany to assist in the distribution of US military aid to Ukraine, CNN is reporting. The control center, called the EUCOM Control Center of Ukraine or ECCU is based within the US European Command area of responsibility in Stuttgart, Germany. It’s run by a two-star military general and works with the international donor coordination center or IDCC.\n\n\n\n2h ago 22.18 White House press secretary Jen Psaki said while the US doesn’t expect to encounter any food shortages as a result of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the administration is working to “bolster food security around the globe” both independently and with allies. "We are not expecting a food shortage here at home, but we are acting to bolster food security around the globe both unilaterally and in conjunction with allies and partners," given shortages due to Russia\'s war on Ukraine, @PressSec says. pic.twitter.com/g3rlBdh23Z — Jennifer Jacobs (@JenniferJJacobs) April 26, 2022 On Monday, US Deputy Ambassador Richard M Mills told the UN security council that the war in Ukraine may cause food shortages in Palestine. “Due to President Putin’s unprovoked aggression against Ukraine, food insecurity could worsen even further in the coming weeks, both in Gaza and the West Bank as prices of food, fuel and other commodities rise,” Mills told the UNSC. “We encourage all member states to provide concrete assistance, including financial contributions to UNRWA, to help meet the needs of vulnerable Palestinians,” he continued.\n\nUpdated at 22.51 BST\n\n2h ago 21.56 Russia’s gas company Gazprom is also halting gas deliveries to Bulgaria, AFP reported. In addition to Poland, Gazprom has announced that it would stop delivering gas to Bulgaria after demanding that countries pay for gas in rubles. Gazprom executives were quoted by Russian news agencies as saying “Poland must pay for gas supplies according to the new payment procedure”. However, it was not immediately clear whether Bulgaria has refused to pay in rubles as well. “Bulgargaz received a notification today, April 26, that natural gas supplies from Gazprom Export will be suspended starting April 27,” Bulgaria’s economy ministry said in a statement. More from AFP: Bulgaria’s energy ministry also said Tuesday that its state-owned gas operators Bulgargaz and Bulgartransgaz “have undertaken steps for alternative agreements for natural gas deliveries and for coping with the current situation”. “At present, there is no need for (imposing) any restrictive measures on consumption,” it added. Bulgaria is almost completely dependent on Russia for its annual consumption of about 3.0 billion cubic metres of gas. The Balkan nation receives only small amounts from Azerbaijan that it hopes to increase after completing a key pipe link to neighbouring Greece later this year.\n\n\n\n2h ago 21.32 Bulgarian Prime Minister Kiril Petkov will be visiting Kyiv this week in an attempt to address opposition from Bulgaria’s pro-Russian groups to the proposition to send Ukraine military aid, AFP is reporting. Petkov and representatives of all of the parties in the ruling coalition except for the Socialists expect to be in Kyiv on Thursday. More context from AFP: Petkov invited his coalition partners to accompany him to Kyiv in a bid to overcome the pro-Russia Socialists’ opposition to providing military aid to Ukraine, as the party threatened to topple the cabinet if such a decision were approved.\n\n“I hope that... everyone will take a step back and will consider how important Bulgaria’s stability is and how important this is for the Ukrainians,” Petkov, who favours giving military aid, told Nova television in an interview last Friday. But the Socialists decided earlier Tuesday not to send a representative in the delegation, with their leader Kornelia Ninova telling BNT television the visit was “pointless” and “would hardly change our position” against arms donations. Bulgaria has remained one of the last hold-outs in the EU in turning down Ukraine’s requests for direct military aid. This remained the case even after Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba made a three-day visit to Sofia last week, urging the country “to make a choice” and provide military support. The Balkan country, which traditionally has close ties with Russia, is a big manufacturer of Soviet-era ammunition, anti-tank missiles and light arms.\n\nUpdated at 21.33 BST\n\n3h ago 21.17 Johana Bhuiyan here taking over from my colleague, Lauren. Vladimir Putin agrees “in principle” to the UN and the International Committee for the Red Cross on evacuating civilians from a steel plant in the besieged city of Mariupol, Reuters is reporting. The steel plant, Azovstal, is where the last Ukrainian forces who were defending Mariupol are hunkered down. The discussions about the involvement of the two entities were held in a meeting between Putin and UN secretary-general Antonio Guterres in Moscow on Tuesday. “Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defence Ministry,” UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after the meeting. More from Reuters: Earlier on Tuesday, Putin told Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan that there were no military operations underway in Mariupol and that Kyiv should “take responsibility” for the people holed up in the Azovstal steel plant. Ukraine on Monday appealed for the United Nations and the ICRC to be involved in the evacuation of civilians from Azovstal. Guterres is expected to meet with Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskiy in Kyiv on Thursday. During a news conference with Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov, Guterres said he has proposed a “Humanitarian Contact Group” of Russia, Ukraine and UN officials “to look for opportunities for the opening of safe corridors, with local cessations of hostilities, and to guarantee that they are actually effective”.\n\nUpdated at 21.44 BST\n\n3h ago 20.59 Ned Price, spokesperson for the US state department, said in a press conference today that the US Embassy team in Ukraine travelled from Poland to Lviv today. On Sunday, during his meeting with Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelenskiy, state secretary Antony Blinken said that the US plans to bolster diplomatic presence in Ukraine. The Deputy Chief of Mission for the US Embassy in Ukraine and members of the Embassy team traveled to Lviv today, @StateDeptSpox confirms. “Today\'s travel was a first step ahead of more regular travel in the immediate future,” he says, noting it was temporary for now. — Jennifer Hansler (@jmhansler) April 26, 2022\n\nUpdated at 21.41 BST\n\n3h ago 20.39 Boris Johnson said that Facebook has agreed to take down a video of Aiden Aslin, a British prisoner of war being held in Donetsk by Russian forces. The video is believed to be Russian propaganda, and shows Aslin being accused of serving as a mercenary. Aslin was captured while fighting in Mariupol. He and Shaun Pinner, another British soldier, surrendered once they ran out of supplies and ammunition. Friends and family of the two men have been speaking out about concerns over their condition in captivity. Facebook had initially refused to remove the video, despite appeals from Aslin’s family. Johnson told TalkTV that culture secretary Nadine Dorries personally reached out to Nick Clegg, former deputy prime minister, who currently serves as president for global affairs at Facebook, about the video. Facebook then agreed to remove the video. Boris Johnson tells The News Desk that Facebook has agreed to take down a video of Ukraine prisoner of war Aiden Aslin after his mother made an appeal on TalkTV yesterday evening.@tnewtondunn | @BorisJohnson | #TalkTVpic.twitter.com/1oIYgbdu8a — TalkTV (@TalkTV) April 26, 2022\n\nUpdated at 20.59 BST\n\n4h ago 20.23 A new report from NBC News reveals the extent to which US intelligence has been assisting Ukrainian forces. The US has given the Ukrainian military detailed intelligence and the location of Russian bomb strikes, giving Ukrainian forces time to react before the bombs hit. Here’s more from NBC News: As Russia launched its invasion, the US gave Ukrainian forces detailed intelligence about exactly when and where Russian missiles and bombs were intended to strike, prompting Ukraine to move air defenses and aircraft out of harm’s way, current and former US officials told NBC News. That near real-time intelligence-sharing also paved the way for Ukraine to shoot down a Russian transport plane carrying hundreds of troops in the early days of the war, the officials say, helping repel a Russian assault on a key airport near Kyiv. It was part of what American officials call a massive and unprecedented intelligence-sharing operation with a non-NATO partner that they say has played a crucial role in Ukraine’s success to date against the larger and better-equipped Russian military. The details about the air defenses and the transport plane, which have not previously been reported, underscore why, two months into the war, officials assess that intelligence from US spy agencies and the Pentagon has been an important factor in helping Ukraine thwart Russia’s effort to seize most of the country. “From the get-go, we leaned pretty heavily forward in sharing both strategic and actionable intelligence with Ukraine,” a US official briefed on the matter told NBC News. “It’s been impactful both at a tactical and strategic level. There are examples where you could tell a pretty clear story that this made a major difference.” In a statement, a spokesperson for the White House National Security Council said, “We are regularly providing detailed, timely intelligence to the Ukrainians on the battlefield to help them defend their country against Russian aggression and will continue to do so.”\n\nUpdated at 20.59 BST\n\n4h ago 19.31 This is Lauren Aratani taking over for Léonie Chao-Fong. Ukrainian officials met with the Romanian prime minister Nicolae Ciuca and speaker Marcel Ciolacu today, Ukrainian prime minister Denys Shmyhal tweeted. Met with 🇷🇴 PM @NicolaeCiuca & Speaker @CiolacuMarcel. Told about consequences of russia\'s military aggression. Discussed 🇺🇦\'s current needs for victory & fast recovery. Grateful for medical and humanitarian support of 🇺🇦 & constant help to Ukrainians. Let\'s stop russia together! pic.twitter.com/nltPyzSPf5 — Denys Shmyhal (@Denys_Shmyhal) April 26, 2022 Earlier today, a missile hit a strategic bridge between the two countries that connected the Odesa region across the Dniester estuary.\n\n\n\n5h ago 19.13 Pjotr Sauer The Guardian’s Russia affairs correspondent Pjotr Sauer reports: Russian president Vladimir Putin told the UN secretary-general, António Guterres on Tuesday evening that peace talks with Ukraine are continuing via a video link and that he hopes they would bring “some positive outcome”. Putin, separated from Guterres by a long table, also repeated his earlier claims that Moscow was not involved in the alleged atrocities that took place in Bucha earlier this month. “Russia was faced with provocation in Bucha, something the Russian side had nothing to do with,” Putin said during the meeting in the Kremlin. “Russian forces had no connections to Bucha. We know who did it. We know who prepared this provocation, the means they used. We know who they are.” Ukraine has accused the Russian military of executing civilians in Bucha that Russian troops occupied for several weeks before withdrawing. Putin further blamed Ukraine for stalling the negotiation process, saying he would not sign a security guarantee agreement with Ukraine without the territorial questions of Crimea and Donbas being resolved. “Nevertheless, talks are ongoing, and they are going in an online format,” Putin said “I hope this will lead us to some positive outcome.” The Russian leader also said that there were currently “no direct military operations” going on around the besieged Azovstal steelworks. “It is simple really … The military operations have ended there. They have stopped. Part of the armed forces of Ukraine who were deployed in other industrial areas have surrendered. Almost 1,300 people,” Putin said. “Yes we hear there are civilians there, the Ukrainian army must release them or they are acting as terrorists like Isis in Syria.”\n\nUpdated at 19.41 BST\n\n5h ago 18.59 Russia to halt gas supply to Poland, government told Daniel Boffey Poland’s government has been told that the country’s gas supply from Russia will stop from Wednesday following Warsaw’s refusal to pay its supplier, Gazprom, in roubles. The decision to stop supply at 8am CET had also followed Poland’s announcement earlier on Tuesday that it was imposing sanctions on 50 entities and individuals including Russia’s biggest gas company. In a hastily arranged press conference, Polish ministers said they had sufficient supplies of gas to weather the interruption but accused Gazprom of a breach of contract. Poland has been pushing the EU and other western allies to go further in punishing the Kremlin for its invasion of Ukraine. PGNiG, Poland’s largest gas supplier, has said it would file a breach of contract lawsuit.\n\n', 'image': 'https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/2d9a0109116137e08f263d606ebd1967c945be55/0_397_6720_4032/master/6720.jpg?width=1200&height=630&quality=85&auto=format&fit=crop&overlay-align=bottom%2Cleft&overlay-width=100p&overlay-base64=L2ltZy9zdGF0aWMvb3ZlcmxheXMvdGctbGl2ZS5wbmc&enable=upscale&s=4fa2caefd5eb158723f67cf4182b20b7', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:45'}
{'title': 'Poland and Romania ask to be punished with Russian Caliber missiles', 'keywords': ['kiev', 'ask', 'missiles', 'ukraine', 'logistics', 'punished', 'arms', 'russia', 'weapons', 'caliber', 'territory', 'countries', 'romania', 'military', 'nato', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0424, 'subjectivity': 0.2434, 'link': 'https://english.pravda.ru/world/151458-poland_romania/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:36', 'summary': 'Poland and Romania are the first to ask for it.\nEvery time when they sell weapons to Ukraine, European countries fear that they will become a party to military action and "Putin\'s wrath".\nHungarian Foreign Minister Péter Szijjártó said during a visit to Kosovo that Hungary had no plans to supply lethal weapons to Ukraine.\n"By supplying weapons, Germany and other NATO countries have de facto made themselves a party to the war.\nPoland is next on the list - this country serves as a transit point for all arms shipments from Western countries to Ukraine.', 'channel': 'english.pravda.ru', 'text': 'Poland and Romania are first candidates for Calibre missile strikes\n\nHaving acknowledged the legitimacy of Ukraine\'s strikes against military facilities on the Russian territory, London has justified air strikes against logistics chains in a number of NATO countries that supply arms to Kiev. Poland and Romania are the first to ask for it.\n\nJames Heappey, UK\'s Under-Secretary of State for the Armed Forces, told Times Radio that Ukraine had a legal right to strike military facilities on the Russian territory to disrupt the logistics of the Russian Armed Forces.\n\nIt is “completely legitimate for Ukraine to be targeting in Russia’s depth in order to disrupt the logistics that if they weren’t disrupted would directly contribute to death and carnage on Ukrainian soil," Heappey said.\n\nCommenting on this statement, Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said that in order to disrupt military logistics, Russia could strike military targets on the territory of a number of NATO countries that supply arms to the Kiev regime.\n\n"Do we have the right understanding here? After all, it directly leads to deaths and bloodshed on Ukrainian territory. As far as I understand, Britain is one of those countries," Zakharova clarified in her Telegram channel.\n\nEvery time when they sell weapons to Ukraine, European countries fear that they will become a party to military action and "Putin\'s wrath". The head of the German Foreign Office, Annalena Baerbock, expressed her concerns on he matter.\n\n"We at the government are united in saying that we will not become a party to the conflict," she said during a press conference on April 20.\n\nHungary shares a different point of view. Hungarian Foreign Minister Péter Szijjártó said during a visit to Kosovo that Hungary had no plans to supply lethal weapons to Ukraine. In addition, Hungary does not allow their transit to Kiev, as they "could become targets to hostile military actions".\n\n"We are not getting involved in this war," the minister explained.\n\nIncidentally, a group of German public figures wrote an open letter to German Chancellor Olaf Scholz calling for arms shipments to Ukraine to end, as this "drags Germany into war".\n\n"By supplying weapons, Germany and other NATO countries have de facto made themselves a party to the war. Ukraine has thus become a battleground in a conflict between NATO and Russia over security rules in Europe that has been escalating for years," the letter claims.\n\nPrimary targets for Caliber missiles\n\nActive suppliers of lethal weapons to Nazi Kiev regime are:\n\nCzech Republic,\n\nPoland,\n\nSlovenia,\n\nTurkey,\n\nGermany,\n\nUSA.\n\nMany do so unofficially, e.g. Bulgaria.\n\nRussian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said that negotiations on Ukraine were unlikely to be effective if Kiev continues to receive arms shipments from other countries. In the United States, CNN sources describe arms supplies to Ukraine as an investment in neutralising Russia\'s army and navy for a decade to come. Pentagon chief Lloyd Austin\'s recent statements about his intention to "weaken Russia" through military aid to Ukraine are a cynical reminder of NATO being an aggressive organisation that targets Russia in the first place.\n\nWhere can Russia strike western logistics and military facilities?\n\nThis could be Romania in the first place. Romania may now invade Transnistria to save its Moldovan brothers there.\n\nPoland is next on the list - this country serves as a transit point for all arms shipments from Western countries to Ukraine.\n\nThese countries will not survive a Caliber missile attack either physically or mentally. It would indeed be a prelude to Third World War, but US allies would be the first to lose it as they misbehave.', 'image': 'https://english.pravda.ru/image/preview/article//4/5/8/151458_soc.jpeg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:36'}
{'title': 'Almaty Resident Who Fought Against Ukrainian Troops In Donbas Gets Life For Murdering Five People', 'keywords': ['gets', 'troops', 'fought', 'war', 'civilians', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'donbas', 'ukraine', 'meeting', 'russia', 'resident', 'united', 'told', 'life', 'russian', 'murdering'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/kazakhstan-almaty-duzhnov-guilty-murder/31822148.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:05', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there.\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/9de4621f-ae8c-4e2b-a935-4a2de61f47c2_cx0_cy18_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:05'}
{'title': 'Belarusian Rights Activists Go On Trial Seen As Politically Motivated', 'keywords': ['war', 'civilians', 'putin', 'politically', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'seen', 'meeting', 'told', 'russia', 'rights', 'united', 'belarusian', 'motivated', 'activists', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/belarus-vyasna-rabkova-trial/31820502.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:36', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/36528D29-C3B1-4F3B-83BB-91F76D288F72_cx0_cy31_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:36'}
{'title': 'Ethnic Kalmyk Founder Of Clothing Brand Flees Russia Amid Threats', 'keywords': ['war', 'civilians', 'putin', 'founder', 'ukrainian', 'amid', 'ukraine', 'clothing', 'meeting', 'ethnic', 'united', 'told', 'threats', 'flees'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/kalmyk-nonrussian-brand-xenophobia/31820307.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:24', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nThey have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/01e90000-0aff-0242-faa9-08da25cb2776_cx0_cy10_cw0_w1200_r1.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:24'}
{'title': 'First Leader Of Independent Belarus, Stanislau Shushkevich, In Intensive Care', 'keywords': ['war', 'civilians', 'belarus', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'stanislau', 'meeting', 'russia', 'leader', 'independent', 'told', 'russian', 'united'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/belarus-shushkevich-intensive-care/31821748.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:50', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/F1298B4A-D480-4C63-BB25-09D127102BD5_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:50'}
{'title': 'Gazprom Informs Bulgaria, Poland Of Plans To Suspend Gas Deliveries', 'keywords': ['war', 'suspend', 'civilians', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'russian', 'meeting', 'bulgaria', 'informs', 'plans', 'told', 'deliveries', 'united'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/poland-russia-gas-cut-gazprom/31822386.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:21', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/2ED3AF50-E135-48F8-B1B5-2BFEDB2AE3E1_cx0_cy2_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:21'}
{'title': "Kazakh Minister Sees No Problem With Russian Motorcycle Producer's Plan To Move Due To Sanctions", 'keywords': ['producers', 'war', 'civilians', 'kazakh', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'minister', 'ukraine', 'meeting', 'told', 'russia', 'sees', 'plan', 'problem', 'russian', 'united'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/kazkahstan-ural-motorcycles-relocation-sanctions/31822050.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:53', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\nBut he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/C3D0CE0C-AFDB-4100-9BFE-AE0E2A49004B_w1200_r1.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:53'}
{'title': 'Kazakh President Steps Down As Ruling Party Chairman', 'keywords': ['steps', 'president', 'war', 'civilians', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'meeting', 'russia', 'united', 'told', 'chairman', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/kazakhstan-toqaev-ruling-party/31821817.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:42', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/08810000-0a00-0242-5ee2-08d9d19e8c5e_cx0_cy4_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:42'}
{'title': "Moldova's President Says Transdniester Attacks Are An Attempt To Escalate Tensions", 'keywords': ['war', 'moldovas', 'president', 'civilians', 'putin', 'tensions', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'attempt', 'meeting', 'told', 'russia', 'attacks', 'escalate', 'russian', 'united'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/moldova-transdniester-radio-blasts/31821443.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:28', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/c3750000-0aff-0242-bed6-08d9f0834c26_cx0_cy6_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:28'}
{'title': "Moscow Courts Fine Meta, TikTok For Failing To Delete 'Illegal' Content", 'keywords': ['told', 'war', 'failing', 'ukrainian', 'delete', 'tiktok', 'moscow', 'content', 'courts', 'united', 'russian', 'illegal', 'civilians', 'putin', 'ukraine', 'meeting'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/russia-fines-meta-facebook-instagram/31821728.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:19', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/027a0000-0aff-0242-872d-08da0c2d2297_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:19'}
{'title': 'New Probe Into 2005 Death Of Kazakh Opposition Leader Rejected', 'keywords': ['war', 'civilians', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'opposition', '2005', 'death', 'meeting', 'russia', 'probe', 'leader', 'rejected', 'told', 'russian', 'united'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/kazakhstan-nurqadilov-investigation-denied/31820631.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:30', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/D5E6F247-8CCF-41B1-8E83-4F946E881520_cx0_cy4_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:30'}
{'title': 'Pussy Riot Member Added To Wanted List After Sentence Changed To Prison Term', 'keywords': ['told', 'list', 'war', 'term', 'ukrainian', 'sentence', 'member', 'russia', 'united', 'russian', 'civilians', 'putin', 'ukraine', 'prison', 'added', 'meeting', 'changed'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/pussy-riot-alyokhina-wanted/31821712.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:42', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/a9cf8913-1eec-4c72-a4db-e3e0b0ca3c98_cx0_cy2_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:42'}
{'title': 'Putin Tells Guterres He Still Has Hope For Negotiated Agreement With Ukraine', 'keywords': ['guterres', 'war', 'putin', 'civilians', 'ukrainian', 'meeting', 'negotiated', 'told', 'agreement', 'hope', 'tells', 'united'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/ukraine-kreminna-russian-losses/31821314.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:55', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/024c0000-0aff-0242-4a49-08da27b6f8cd_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:55'}
{'title': 'Rights Group Urges Russia To Allow Civilians Out Of Mariupol, Calls On UN To Do More', 'keywords': ['calls', 'urges', 'war', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'russian', 'russia', 'meeting', 'group', 'rights', 'united', 'told', 'allow'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/mariupol-hrw-civilians-un/31821477.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:03', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nHe also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/024c0000-0aff-0242-1d9e-08da27486f6e_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:03'}
{'title': 'Russia Expels 40 German Diplomats In Tit-For-Tat Move', 'keywords': ['40', 'war', 'civilians', 'putin', 'titfortat', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'russian', 'meeting', 'united', 'told', 'diplomats'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/russia-expels-german-diplomats/31820355.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:31', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nHe also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\nThey have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/084a0000-0aff-0242-b9e9-08d9dfd1dec4_cx0_cy5_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:31'}
{'title': "UN Chief Again Calls For Ukraine Cease-Fire, Meets With Russia's Lavrov", 'keywords': ['russias', 'chief', 'calls', 'war', 'civilians', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'meeting', 'lavrov', 'united', 'meets', 'told', 'ceasefire', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/russia-guterres-lavrov-putin/31821762.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:51', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/024f0000-0aff-0242-2919-08da27725df0_cx0_cy3_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:51'}
{'title': "Ukraine Says Targeting Of Separatists' Building In Transdniester Was Provocation By Russia", 'keywords': ['building', 'war', 'civilians', 'putin', 'targeting', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'russia', 'meeting', 'united', 'separatists', 'told', 'provocation', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/transdniester-tiraspol-security-attack/31820545.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:51', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/02130000-0aff-0242-c1f7-08da26d15f1b_cx0_cy77_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:51'}
{'title': 'Ukraine: Zelenskyy meets Blinken, Austin in Kyiv, says Ukrainian official - as it happened', 'keywords': ['war', 'president', 'kyiv', 'zelenskyy', 'blinken', 'russia', 'easter', 'defense', 'orthodox', 'meets', 'russian', 'military'], 'polarity': 0.0316, 'subjectivity': 0.2548, 'link': 'https://www.dw.com/en/ukraine-zelenskyy-meets-blinken-austin-in-kyiv-says-ukrainian-official-as-it-happened/a-61571371?maca=en-rss-en-eu-2092-rdf', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:13', 'summary': "Zelenskyy meets Blinken, Austin in Kyiv, says Ukraine officialAn adviser to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said Sunday night that US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin were meeting with the Ukrainian leader in Kyiv.\nEarlier on Sunday, Ukraine also called for a truce as both Russia and Ukraine mark Orthodox Easter this Sunday.\nIn addition to young people, doctors were being targeted in the Kherson, Zaporizhzhia, and Kharkiv regions, Ukrainian military officials wrote on Facebook.\nAuthorities cautioned residents about the potential for increased Russian military activity during holiday celebrations.\nTwo Russian generals have been killed near Kherson, the Ukrainian Defense Ministry's intelligence directorate has said.", 'channel': 'dw.com', 'text': 'Kyiv calls on Russia to declare \'Easter truce\' in Mariupol\n\nRussia says it hit arms depots near Kharkiv\n\nUkraine wants equipment to operate its nuclear power plants — IAEA\n\nRussian forces attempting to storm Azovstal plant in Mariupol\n\nThis live updates article is now closed. For our latest coverage on Monday, follow our live updates here.\n\nUK says Russia is planning \'referendum\' in Kherson\n\nThe UK Ministry of Defense said Russia was planning a "staged referendum in the southern city of Kherson aimed at justifying its occupation."\n\nIt follows a similar assessment by Ukraine earlier in the week that warned Russia was planning sham referendums to take control of occupied territories in the south of the country.\n\nIn 2014, Russia held a sham referendum in Crimea to retrospectively justify its annexation of the territory.\n\nRussia could use the referendum to declare a so-called Kherson people\'s republic similar to the self-declared republics in Luhansk and Donetsk.\n\nBritish military intelligence highlighted the fact that Russia\'s own domestic elections have been beset by allegations of vote-rigging and have seen high-profile opposition politicians blocked from running.\n\nZelenskyy meets Blinken, Austin in Kyiv, says Ukraine official\n\nAn adviser to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said Sunday night that US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin were meeting with the Ukrainian leader in Kyiv.\n\nThe adviser, Oleksiy Arestovych, said in an interview on Ukrainian TV late Sunday that the talks are going on "right now."\n\nThe trip by two of President Joe Biden\'s top cabinet members was kept closely under wraps. The White House has not confirmed any visit. The State Department and Pentagon declined to comment.\n\nZelenskyy earlier said he was "expecting specific things and specific weapons" from world leaders who come to the country. He said he would ask Blinken and Austin for more powerful weapons during their talks.\n\nNo humanitarian routes out of Mariupol on Sunday\n\nIryna Vereshchuk, Ukraine\'s Deputy Prime Minister, said that no humanitarian routes were established to bring civilians and the wounded out of Mariupol on Sunday.\n\nVereshchuk blamed Russian forces for continuing their siege on the southern port city that has faced weeks of bombardment.\n\nThe Ukrainian side would try again on Monday, Vereshchuk said. She called on UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres to demand a ceasefire "if he is preparing to talk about peace" ahead of his travels to Moscow and then Kyiv next week.\n\nUN: Almost 5.2 million Ukrainian refugees since war started\n\nThe UN refugee agency said 5,186,744 Ukrainians have fled since the start of Russia\'s invasion, an increase of 23,058 on Saturday\'s figures.\n\nIn April so far, more than 1,151,000 Ukrainians have fled their country compared with 3.4 million during the month of March.\n\nUN High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi wrote on Twitter that this Orthodox Easter "will be another day of fear, anguish, loss and separation from loved ones, as war continues to rage without mercy."\n\nThe International Organization of Migration (IOM) estimates that more than 7.7 million people are internally displaced within Ukraine.\n\nLuhansk governor says shelling kills civilians\n\nSerhiy Gaidai, the regional governor of Luhansk, said several civilians were killed by Russian shelling on Orthodox Easter Sunday.\n\nIn a video address to mark the holiday, Gaidai said, "Today, once again, civilians have died. Our compatriots. The (Russians) do not hold anything sacred."\n\nRussian forces attempting to storm Azovstal plant in Mariupol\n\nUkrainian presidential adviser Oleksiy Arestovych has said Sunday Russian forces are again attempting to storm the Azovstal steel plant in Mariupol where Ukrainian forces and civilians are sheltering following a weeks-long siege of the southern port city.\n\nOn Facebook, Arestovych wrote, "Russian troops are trying to finish off the defenders of Azovstal and more than 1,000 civilians who are hiding at the plant."\n\nRussian troops have surrounded the plant since early March. On Saturday, Ukrainian officials issued similar warnings and said Russian forces were laying siege to the plant.\n\nPope Francis appeals for truce again\n\nThe blue and yellow Ukrainian flag flew among those gathered on St. Peter\'s Square in the Vatican this Orthodox Easter weekend as Pope Francis appealed again for a truce in Ukraine.\n\nHe called for an easing of "the suffering of exhausted people."\n\nFrancis added that, "Instead of halting, the war has become worse."\n\nEchoing the calls of senior Ukrainian government officials, Francis said, "I renew the appeal for an Easter truce, the smallest tangible sign of a willingness for peace."\n\nRussia\'s US envoy says consulates\' bank accounts closed\n\nRussian ambassador Anatoly Antonov said Sunday that the work of Russian diplomatic missions in the US was essentially "blockaded" by US government entities.\n\n"Accounts of our two consulates in Houston and New York have been closed by Bank of America," Antonov was quoted as saying by the RIA news agency.\n\nHe also said Russian diplomatic sites were receiving threats via telephone and in the mail.\n\nOSCE says members captured in Donetsk and Luhansk\n\nThe Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) said it is "extremely concerned" about the detention of several members of its monitoring mission in the eastern part of the country.\n\nIn a brief tweet, the Vienna-based organization said several of its mission members "have been deprived of their liberty in Donetsk and Luhansk" and that OSCE was "using all available channels to facilitate their release."\n\nAn OSCE spokesperson failed to provide specifics such as how many Ukrainian nationals involved in the monitoring mission had been detained or when or who may be holding them. Several OSCE observers have been killed or injured since the monitoring mission in eastern Ukraine began eight years ago.\n\nRussia recently vetoed extending the mission. It is one of 57 participating member states that form the OSCE.\n\nUN says fighting in Mariupol should stop \'right now\'\n\n"The lives of tens of thousands, including women, children and older people, are at stake in Mariupol," the UN\'s coordinator for the Ukraine crisis, Amin Awad, warned.\n\n"We need a pause in fighting right now to save lives," he said in a statement. "They must be allowed to safely evacuate now, today. Tomorrow could be too late."\n\nRussia claims to control the entirety of the port city save for a steelworks plant where several thousands of Ukrainian fighters are holed up. Earlier on Sunday, Ukraine also called for a truce as both Russia and Ukraine mark Orthodox Easter this Sunday.\n\nMoscow blocks leading chess site\n\nChess.com, one of the most popular chess websites in the world, is now inaccessible in Russia. According to the Interfax news agency, the country\'s media supervisor Roskomnadzor has blocked two of its pages with information about the war in Ukraine.\n\nRussian prosecutors demanded the move on Saturday. As the site uses https network protocol, barring the access to those pages has reportedly caused the entire site to be inaccessible in Russia.\n\nPreviously, Russian grandmaster Sergei Karjakin had called for the pages with information about what Russia calls its "special military operations" in Ukraine to be blocked.\n\nRussia claims it struck arms depots in the Kharkiv region\n\nThe Russian Ministry of Defense said Sunday that it had struck nine Ukrainian military targets overnight.\n\nIncluded among those targets were four arms depots in the Kharkiv region where artillery is stored and a facility producing military grade explosives in Dnipropetrovsk.\n\nWatch video 02:39 A village in Ukraine marks Good Friday in wartime\n\nUkrainian negotiator calls for a \'real Easter truce\'\n\nMykhailo Podoliak, the senior Ukrainian negotiator and presidential advisor, urged a "real Easter truce" as both Ukraine and Russia mark Orthodox Easter.\n\nOn Twitter, Podoliak also urged a humanitarian corridor out of the besieged southeastern port city of Mariupol.\n\n"Russia is continuously attacking the Mariupol Azovstal. The place where our civilians and military are located, is shelled with heavy air bombs and artillery."\n\nPodoliak urged Russia to "think of the remnants of its reputation."\n\nUkraine says Russia deployed Iskander-M missile launchers near border\n\nRussia has moved Iskander-M missile launchers to sites within 60 kilometers (40 miles) of Ukraine\'s border, said the General Staff of Ukraine\'s Armed Forces.\n\nThe mobile ballistic Iskander system has a range of up to 500 kilometers and is armed with two guided missiles capable of carrying both conventional and nuclear warheads.\n\n"The enemy has increased the number of troops in (Russia\'s) Belgorod region by transferring and concentrating additional units," Ukraine\'s Armed Forces said in their daily morning update.\n\nWatch video 03:24 Missile attack on Odesa during Orthodox Easter\n\nZelenskyy hopes for \'eternal harmony\' following peace in Ukraine\n\nIn his message for Orthodox Easter, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that the holiday is a reminder that "light wins over darkness," therefore "Ukraine must win!"\n\nZelenskyy said Ukrainians were praying for a day of "great peace" in Ukraine which would bring "eternal harmony and prosperity."\n\nThe politician recorded the video message at the Cathedral of St. Sophia in Kyiv where "a thousand years ago, on the field of the holy battle, the army of Kievan Rus-Ukraine defeated the [medival Turkic nations of] Pechenegs," Zelenskyy noted.\n\nBoth Russia and Ukraine trace their countries\' origins to the medieval state of Kievan Rus. The Kremlin has argued that because of this, Ukraine\'s national identity is virtually identical to Russia\'s; Kyiv strongly objects.\n\nMeanwhile, Patriarch Bartholomew, the spiritual leader of the world\'s Eastern Orthodox Christians, called from Istanbul for humanitarian corridors to be opened in Ukraine where he said "an indescribable human tragedy is unfolding."\n\n"We call once again for an immediate end to the fratricidal war, which, like any war, undermines human dignity," Bartholomew added.\n\nSwitzerland impedes German arms deliveries: report\n\nSwitzerland has blocked the re-export from Germany to Ukraine of Swiss-produced ammunition used in German-made Marder infantry fighting vehicles, according to the Swiss newspaper SonntagsZeitung.\n\nThe move by Switzerland, which maintains a neutral status, has held up arms deliveries by Germany at a time when Berlin is already under fire for failing to supply Ukraine with heavy weapons to help fight off Russia\'s invasion of the country.\n\nSwitzerland has gone against previous practice and adopted EU sanctions aimed at punishing Russia for its invasion, but has insisted its neutrality does not allow it to send arms to conflict zones. Swiss officials have previously rejected Poland\'s request for the Alpine state to send arms to Ukraine.\n\nThe Marder vehicles are made by German arms manufacturer Rheinmetall but use Swiss-manufactured ammunition.\n\nUK says Russian troops suffer from poor morale\n\nRussia has made "some territorial gains" since starting the ongoing offensive in the east of the country, according to UK military intelligence. At the same time, UK officials said that Ukraine provided strong resistance and inflicted significant losses on the Russian forces.\n\n"Poor Russian morale and limited time to reconstitute, re-equip and reorganize forces from prior offensives are likely hindering Russian combat effectiveness," they said on Twitter.\n\nUkraine governor says Russian attacks killed 8 in Luhansk\n\nRussian shelling killed eight people and injured two more in Luhansk in eastern Ukraine, according to governor Serhiy Gaidai. The Ukrainian official two more people were seriously injured, and no less than eight buildings were destroyed in the region, which is partially controlled by pro-Russian rebels.\n\nThe numbers could not be independently verified.\n\nWatch video 02:39 North of Kyiv, battle of Teterivske demonstrates \'imprecise\' Russian military style\n\nGermany reportedly to buy Chinook heavy transport helicopters\n\nGermany would buy 60 CH-47F Chinook heavy transport helicopters from Boeing worth around €5 billion ($5.4 billion), Bild am Sonntag newspaper reported, citing government sources.\n\nDeliveries would begin after 2025-2026, and the helicopters are said to replace the aging CH-53G Stallion rotorcraft.\n\nThe paper said the project will be funded from the €100 billion fund Chancellor Olaf Scholz announced in February to modernize the military.\n\nThe paper said Defense Minister Christine Lambrecht would inform the parliament of the decision next week, but a spokesperson for the ministry said no decision on helicopter purchases had been made yet.\n\nOpposition leader calls for German foreign and security policy review\n\nThe leader of Germany\'s opposition Christian Democratic Union (CDU), Friedrich Merz, has called for a review of German foreign and security policies over the past two decades.\n\n"The entire German foreign and security policies of the past 20 years are in ruins. When this war is over, we must carefully analyze how this happened," he told newspaper Bild am Sonntag.\n\nHe did not spare his own party, saying "serious failures" were made on defense over the past two decades.\n\n"Looking back, we must, unfortunately, say that all defense ministers of the past 20 years made wrong decisions about materiel and the condition of troops," Merz said.\n\nWatch video 04:21 Are Ukrainian forces getting everything they need?\n\nFrom the end of 2005 to the end of 2021, the CDU and its sister party, the CSU, held the Ministry of Defense.\n\nGerman Chancellor Olaf Scholz announced a plan to beef up the German military in February, pledging a special package of €100 billion ($112.7 billion) to boost the strength of the country\'s armed forces.\n\nHe also vowed to increase Germany’s annual defense spending to 2% of the nation’s GDP, in line with NATO demands.\n\nUN Chief to stop in Turkey before visits to Russia and Ukraine\n\nUnited Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres will visit Turkey on Monday before heading to Russia to meet President Vladimir Putin and then to Ukraine for talks with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the UN said in a statement.\n\nIn the Turkish capital Ankara, Guterres will meet President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.\n\nTurkey has been trying to negotiate an end to the conflict, so far without success.\n\nOn Tuesday, Guterres will meet Putin in Moscow, followed by a trip Thursday to Kyiv in an effort to mediate an end to the war in Ukraine.\n\nZelenskyy criticized Guterres\'s decision to head to Moscow before Kyiv, saying there is "no justice and no logic in this order."\n\n"The war is in Ukraine, there are no bodies in the streets of Moscow. It would be logical to go first to Ukraine, to see the people there, the consequences of the occupation," Zelenskyy said.\n\nUkraine blames Russian troops for forcibly recruiting civilians\n\nUkraine has accused Russian troops of forcibly recruiting civilians in occupied regions of eastern Ukraine.\n\nIn addition to young people, doctors were being targeted in the Kherson, Zaporizhzhia, and Kharkiv regions, Ukrainian military officials wrote on Facebook.\n\nThe UK\'s Ministry of Defense also noted similar conscription practices in the Russian-occupied Donbas and Crimea.\n\n"Any enlistment of Ukrainian civilians into the Russian armed forces, even if presented by Russia as being voluntary or military service in accordance with Russian law, would constitute a violation of Article 51 of the Fourth Geneva Convention," the UK Ministry of Defense wrote on Twitter.\n\nIAEA to provide Ukraine with equipment to keep nuclear plants running\n\nUkraine has asked the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) for the equipment it needs to operate nuclear power plants during the war with Russia.\n\nThe agency says it includes radiation measurement devices, protective material, computer-related assistance, power supply systems, and diesel generators.\n\n"We will coordinate the implementation of the assistance that the IAEA and its member states will provide, including by delivering required equipment directly to Ukraine\'s nuclear sites," IAEA Director General Rafael Grossi said.\n\nUkraine has 15 operational reactors at four plants.\n\nGrossi was due to visit the decommissioned Chernobyl plant next week, on the anniversary of the 1986 disaster there.\n\nPutin in church as Ukrainians told to stay home\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin attended an Easter mass conducted by the Russian Orthodox Church in Moscow.\n\nThe church has strongly backed the Kremlin leader\'s invasion of Ukraine.\n\nPutin did not speak during the service.\n\nPatriarch Kirill said he hoped the conflict in Ukraine would end quickly but did not condemn it.\n\nHis previous statements backing Russia\'s invasion have splintered the worldwide Orthodox Church.\n\nOn Sunday, many Ukrainians will observe Easter, but they were told to attend service virtually as authorities there have announced a nationwide curfew.\n\nWatch video 05:00 Germany: Russian monks help Ukrainians, despite Russian Orthodox Church support for war\n\nZelenksyy to meet Blinken and Austin in Kyiv\n\nUkrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy is expecting US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin to visit Kyiv on Sunday.\n\nIt would be the highest-level visit by an American delegation since the start of the war two months ago.\n\nZelenskyy had high hopes for the encounter, saying Ukraine was expecting more weapons to counter the Russian invasion. The White House, State Department, and Pentagon declined to comment.\n\nSummary of Saturday\'s events in Ukraine-Russia crisis\n\nA Russian strike killed at least eight people, including a baby, and wounded several others in Ukraine\'s Black Sea city of Odesa, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said.\n\nSpeaking to the media, Zelenskyy said his country\'s army was not ready to launch a military operation to restore access to the besieged city of Mariupol. Ukraine says Russia resumed its assault on the last Ukrainian defenders holed up in a giant steelworks in the city, days after Moscow declared victory in the port city.\n\nUkrainian officials announced a nationwide curfew ahead of Easter Sunday. Authorities cautioned residents about the potential for increased Russian military activity during holiday celebrations.\n\nTwo Russian generals have been killed near Kherson, the Ukrainian Defense Ministry\'s intelligence directorate has said. Defense Intelligence reported the deaths on Facebook, adding that another general had been heavily injured and evacuated.\n\nFormer German Chancellor Gerhard Schröder has told the New York Times that he believes Russian President Vladimir Putin will not cut the supply of gas to Germany.\n\nSchröder stressed that Putin is interested in ending the war with Ukraine, but added that ending the war won\'t be easy. He did not elaborate.\n\nar, lo/dj, sri (AFP, AP, dpa, Reuters)', 'image': 'https://static.dw.com/image/61571387_6.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:13'}
{'title': 'Ukraine: UN chief calls for cease-fire in visit to Moscow - live updates', 'keywords': ['guterres', 'chief', 'war', 'visit', 'president', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'minister', 'russian', 'russia', 'defense', 'ceasefire'], 'polarity': 0.0118, 'subjectivity': 0.2554, 'link': 'https://www.dw.com/en/ukraine-un-chief-calls-for-cease-fire-in-visit-to-moscow-live-updates/a-61590982?maca=en-rss-en-eu-2092-rdf', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:19', 'summary': 'Guterres is expected to meet with Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Kyiv on Thursday.\nRussian President Vladimir Putin has demanded that "unfriendly" countries open accounts at Gazprombank to convert euro or dollar payments into rubles.\nUkrainian troops to train on German soil — Defense MinisterGerman Defense Minister Christine Lambrecht said Ukrainian troops will be trained on German soil.\nThe attendees will include NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg and German Defense Minister Christine Lambrecht.\nAustin and US Secretary of State Antony Blinken spoke with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on Sunday and pledged additional military assistance to Kyiv.', 'channel': 'dw.com', 'text': 'US hosts defense talks on arming Ukraine\n\nGermany to supply Ukraine with anti-aircraft tanks\n\nUN head Guterres urges for ceasefire in Moscow visit\n\nRussia\'s Lavrov says NATO \'in essence\' engaged in proxy war with Russia\n\nZelenskyy says Russia \'won\'t win\' the war in Ukraine\n\nThis article was last updated at 20:54 GMT/UTC\n\nPutin tells UN, Red Cross he is open to evacuating civilians from Mariupol\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin agreed "in principle" to United Nations and the International Committee for the Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal steel plant in Mariupol, the UN said.\n\nPutin made the concession to UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres during their meeting in Moscow.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defence Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said after the meeting.\n\nUkraine\'s remaining forces in Mariupol and some civilians were holding out in the steel plant and were surrounded by Russian forces.\n\nUkraine on Monday appealed for the UN and Red Cross to be involved in the evacuation of civilians from Azovstal.\n\nGuterres is expected to meet with Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Kyiv on Thursday.\n\nPoland and Bulgaria cut off from Russian gas\n\nRussia\'s Gazprom has informed both Bulgaria and Poland that it will cut off gas exports on Wednesday, according to Bulgarian and Polish officials.\n\nThe two countries will be the first to be cut off from Russian gas since Moscow invaded Ukraine.\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin has demanded that "unfriendly" countries open accounts at Gazprombank to convert euro or dollar payments into rubles.\n\nPoland has refused to comply with the new scheme and said it will not extend the contract.\n\nThe Polish government says gas supplies will not be affected, as it can source gas via two links with Germany, an upcoming link with Lithuania and via an interconnector with the Czech Republic.\n\nLater on Tuesday, Gazprom told Bulgaria\'s state gas company Bulgargaz that it would cease gas supplies.\n\nThe Bulgarian government said it would not lead to gas restrictions, as it has found alternative arrangements for the supply of natural gas.\n\nGermany\'s network regulator said it was monitoring the situation and that "the security of supply in Germany is currently guaranteed."\n\nBVB Dortmund and Dynamo Kyiv play friendly match\n\nGerman Bundesliga club Borussia Dortmund has raised €400,000 ($426,000) for Ukraine in a friendly match with Ukraine\'s top club Dynamo Kyiv. Kyiv won 3-2 in a charity match played in front of about 35,000 fans. All proceeds will go to victims of the Russian invasion of Ukraine.\n\n"It is about sending a signal, a sign of solidarity with Ukraine, earning a bit of money so that we can do one or the other humanitarian action. And then it is also a sign against this despicable war of aggression," Dortmund managing director Hans-Joachim Watzke told broadcasters ZDF.\n\nKyiv has played similar fund-raising matches in Warsaw, Istanbul and Cluj.\n\nPutin claims he hopes for diplomatic agreement\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin has met with United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres in Moscow. In televised remarks, he told Guterres that he still hoped for negotiations to end the conflict.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track. We are negotiating, we do not reject [talks]," Putin told Guterres, who was visiting Moscow.\n\nHe said talks with Ukraine had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv. He claimed without evidence, that the massacres in Bucha were not carried out by Russians.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian army had nothing to do with," Putin said. "We know who prepared this provocation, by what means, and what kind of people worked on it."\n\nGuterres reiterated his call for Ukraine and Russia to work together with the UN to set up aid and evacuation corridors to help civilians in Ukraine.\n\nThe broadcast discussions showed Guterres and Putin sitting opposite each other at the large oval table in the hall of the Senate Palace, following an hour-long meeting in the Kremlin. Guterres earlier met with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov where he called for a ceasefire.\n\nItaly considers nationalizing Lukoil-owned refinery\n\nItaly is reportedly considering temporarily nationalizing a refinery owned by Lukoil — a Russian multinational energy corporation — as a response to possible sanctions on Russian oil.\n\nLukoil, which is not the subject of sanctions, owns the ISAB refinery — Italy\'s largest oil refinery by capacity. It used to buy 30%-40% of its crude oil from Russia, with the remainder coming from international markets. Since the Russian invasion, it has been unable to obtain international credit, and has been sourcing almost all its crude oil from Russia.\n\nReuters news agency, citing two government sources, said Industry Minister Giancario Gieorgetti is planning to raise the prospect of nationalization when the Italian cabinet meets on Thursday.\n\nEuropean leaders are debating whether to impose an embargo on Russian oil.\n\nGermany \'very close\' to abandoning Russian oil\n\nThe German economy minister, Robert Habeck says the country is very close to completely halting imports of Russian oil.\n\nHabeck said Germany has cut oil import dependency from 35% to 12% in eight weeks.\n\n"Today I can say that an embargo is now more in reach for Germany. In the coming days and weeks, we will continue to expand this independence and rapidly move away from fossil fuels. But as I said, what a few weeks ago seemed a very large problem for Germany has shrunk considerably, so that German independence from Russian oil is now very very close."\n\nHabeck was speaking in Warsaw after talks with Polish Climate Minister Anna Moskwa.\n\nUS Defense Secretary addresses reporters at Ramstein\n\nThe US has convened more than 20 nations at the Ramstein Air Base in Germany on behalf of Ukraine\'s defense. Speaking at the event, Lloyd Austin, the US Secretary of Defense, told reporters that "we have to move at the speed of war."\n\nAustin said the US was determined to make better use of the US European Command\'s coordination mechanism and would extend the forum for Ukraine\'s defense into a monthly contact group.\n\n"We do want to make it harder for Russia to threaten its neighbors and make it less able to do that," Austin said.\n\nAustin went on to express sharp criticism of Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, who warned on Monday that World War III might be looming.\n\n"You\'ve heard us say a number of times that that kind of rhetoric is very dangerous and unhelpful," Austin said. "Nobody wants to see a nuclear war happen. Dangerous rhetoric is clearly unhelpful. And something that we won\'t engage in," he added.\n\nUkraine concerned by destabilization in Trans-Dniester\n\nUkraine says it is concerned by attempts to worsen the security situation in Moldova\'s pro-Russian breakaway province of Trans-Dniester.\n\nMykhaylo Podolyak, a Ukraine presidential aide said in a post on Twitter: "Russia wants to destabilize the Transnistrian region and hints Moldova should wait for \'guests,\'" wrote on Twitter.\n\n"Bad news: if Ukraine falls tomorrow Russian troops will be at Chisinau\'s gates," Podolyak said, referring Moldova\'s capital. "Good news: Ukraine will definitely ensure strategic security of the region. But we need to work as a team," Podolyak added.\n\nIt comes after several apparent attacks in the region. In the past day, attacks have reportedly targeted a military unit, the state security headquarters and an old Soviet-era radio antennae.\n\nThe head of the breakaway province, also known as Transnistria or Transdniestra in English, claimed that the apparent attacks could be traced back to Ukraine.\n\n"I assume that those who organized this attack have the purpose of dragging Transdniestria into the conflict," self-styled president, Vadim Krasnoselsky, was quoted as saying by Russian news agency TASS.\n\nHis office has established a "red" level of "terrorist threat" for the next 15 days and canceled public Victory Day events on May 9, citing safety concerns.\n\nMoscow, which deploys troops in the region, also voiced serious concern and blamed Ukraine.\n\nMoldovan President Maia Sandu has urged citizens to remain calm, saying she had stepped up security measures and convened the country\'s Supreme Security Council.\n\nShe condemned the apparent attacks, in which no one was injured.\n\nShe blamed the attack on "internal differences between various groups in Trans-Dniester that have an interest in destabilising the situation."\n\nLast week, a senior Russian military officer said Russia aims to take control of Ukraine\'s south and open a land corridor to the region.\n\nDefense journalist: German \'tanks\' could be a real help for Kyiv\n\nSecurity and defense journalist Thomas Wiegold has told DW the Gepard vehicles that Berlin has approved for delivery could make a real difference to Ukraine\'s fight in terms of anti-aircraft capability.\n\nAlthough they are known as tanks, Wiegold said, the Gepard — also known as Cheetah — vehicles are more of an anti-aircraft cannon mounted on an armored chassis.\n\n"They can make quite a difference. The German army has taken them out of use almost a decade ago, not because they were obsolete, but because at that time the Bundeswehr was scaling down and they had no use for it anymore."\n\n"I think they regretted it, meanwhile, because short-range air defense is much in demand everywhere now and especially in Ukraine. So, the Ukrainians can make use of it, of course."\n\nWiegold said that technically, the German government was only approving the German industry selling equipment to Ukraine, rather than sending it directly.\n\nHe said that, although an apparent U-turn, the decision "allows the government to convey the idea it\'s not that new, because it\'s not German [military] stock."\n\nWiegold said that much of the valuable heavy weaponry was coming from former Warsaw Pact countries that, like Ukraine, relied on Soviet-era equipment. However, he said that further down the line, the West would have to start sharing newer equipment, and train Ukrainians in how to use it.\n\n"If the West wants to continue supporting Ukraine, they have to think about starting training Ukrainians on Western systems to deliver Western systems as well."\n\nErdogan and Putin discuss peace talks, protecting civilians\n\nThe Kremlin says Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin have discussed Moscow\'s efforts to ensure the safety of civilians in Ukraine.\n\nThe Kremlin said in a statement that the two leaders spoke about "efforts made by Russia on a constant basis to ensure the safety of peaceful civilians, including the organisation of humanitarian corridors."\n\nIn response to Erdogan\'s questions on the besieged southeastern port city of Mariupol, Putin said "the city is liberated and combat operations are not going on there," according to the Russian statement.\n\nHundreds of civilians are still sheltering in the city\'s huge Azovstal industrial area while Ukrainian troops are still resisting Russia.\n\nPutin told Erdogan that Kyiv should "take political responsibility and for humanitarian reasons, order them [the troops] to lay down arms," the Kremlin said.\n\nThey also discussed the safety of Turkish ships sailing from Black Sea ports through a cooperation of defense ministries.\n\nThe Turkish side released a statement saying Erdogan urged Putin to agree to direct talks with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy.\n\nErdogan proposed taking the "Istanbul process to the level of leaders, a crucial threshold in the Russia-Ukraine negotiations," according to the statement. Talks have so far stalled over accusations of Russian war crimes. Putin later said peace efforts were at a dead end.\n\nPoland to sanction 50 Russian entities and people\n\nPoland has announced it will impose sanctions on 50 Russian entities and invidiuals.\n\nThe sanctions come in addition to current European Union measures, according to Polish Interior Minister Mariusz Kaminski.\n\nThe list includes Gas giant Gazprom and Moshe Kantor, who owns part of Poland\'s state-owned chemicals group Azoty.\n\nCompanies on the list will have their assets frozen and be excluded from public tenders, while Russian oligarchs on the list will be banned from entering Poland.\n\nUN ready to save lives in Mariupol — UN chief\n\nUN General Secretary Antonio Guterres said during a meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov that the organization is ready to fully mobilize its resources to save lives in Mariupol.\n\n"The United Nations is ready to fully mobilize its human and logistical resources to help save lives in Mariupol," Guterres said.\n\nGuterres also proposed coordinated work with the Red Cross to allow people to evacuate from the Azovstal steel plant in the city. Civilians and Ukrainian troops have been holed up in the plant for weeks.\n\n"Thousands of civilians are in dire need of lifesaving humanitarian assistance, and many have evacuated," Guterres said.\n\nGuterres said that he was concerned about possible war crimes in Ukraine, adding that they require independent investigation.\n\nUN chief meets Putin in Moscow\n\nUN Secretary General Antonio Guterres is holding a joint press conference with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov following talks about the war in Moscow. He had also been due to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin.\n\nThis is the first in-person visit from Guterres since the start of Russia\'s invasion of Ukraine.\n\nDuring an earlier meeting with Lavrov, Guterres called for a cease-fire to be implemented "as soon as possible."\n\nRussia expels three Swedish diplomats\n\nRussia said it was expelling three Swedish diplomats in a retaliatory move against Stockholm.\n\nIn early April, Sweden said it was expelling three Russian diplomats who it accused of conducting "illegal operations" there.\n\nRussia\'s Foreign ministry said it summoned the Swedish ambassador to Russia and "strongly protested" the expulsion of Russian diplomats and Sweden\'s "military support to the Kyiv regime."\n\nThe ministry accused Sweden of "covering up the crimes of Ukrainian nationalists against the civilian population of Donbas and Ukraine."\n\n"In response to this, the Russian side decided to declare persona non grata three diplomats of the Swedish embassy in Russia," the ministry said.\n\nCease-fire needed as soon as possible — UN chief says in Moscow\n\nUN Secretary General Antonio Guterres said that conditions for a cease-fire should be created as soon as possible.\n\n"We are extremely interested in finding ways in order to create the conditions for effective dialogue, create the conditions for a ceasefire as soon as possible, create the conditions for a peaceful solution," Guterres said at a meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in Moscow. He added that the priority is to "minimize human suffering" in Ukraine.\n\nGuterres is scheduled to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin following his meeting with Lavrov.\n\nUkrainian troops to train on German soil — Defense Minister\n\nGerman Defense Minister Christine Lambrecht said Ukrainian troops will be trained on German soil. The remarks stem from a statement she gave at the Ramstein US air base in Germany during a US-hosted defense conference.\n\n"We are working together with our American friends to train Ukrainian troops on artillery systems on German soil," Lambert said, according to a transcript seen by DW.\n\n"We will, along with the Netherlands, provide self-propelled howitzer and ammunition training to Ukraine, as we all know that artillery is an essential factor in this conflict."\n\nLambrecht addressed criticism leveled at Germany for not delivering heavier weaponry to Ukraine, and pointed to the government\'s decision to provide anti-aircraft tanks as progress.\n\nUN disarmament expert does not expect Russia to use nuclear weapons\n\nPavel Podvig, a senior researcher at the United Nations Institute for Disarmament Research, told DW on Tuesday that he does not envisage Russia using nuclear weapons, despite the Kremlin leaving the door open to such tactics.\n\n"I don\'t think that we are that close," to seeing nuclear weapons used in this war, he said. "And the main reason for that is that there are simply no plausible military missions for nuclear weapons in this type of war."\n\nBut Podvig stopped short of saying Russian President Vladimir Putin would refrain from using tactical nuclear weapons.\n\n"It\'s hard for me to say with certainty whether he would refrain from that," he said.\n\nPodvig\'s comments come after Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said he would not want to see a nuclear confrontation, but that "the danger is serious" and "should not be underestimated."\n\nWatch video 04:39 UN expert: \'No plausible missions for nuclear weapons\' in Ukraine\n\nMoldova reports blasts in breakaway Trans-Dniester region\n\nMoldovan authorities have reported two blasts that damaged Soviet-era radio masts in the breakaway Trans-Dniester region. Authorities said a military unit was also targeted.\n\nMoldovan President Maia Sandu convened an urgent security meeting following the blasts.\n\nThe breakaway Trans-Dniester region seceded from Moldova in 1992 along with Russian backing, although Moscow has not officially recognized the region\'s independence. The region borders Ukraine and Kyiv has voiced concerns that it could be used as a staging ground for Russian attacks.\n\n"In the early morning of April 26, two explosions occurred in the village of Maiac, Grigoriopol district: the first at 6:40 and the second at 7:05," the interior ministry of the in self-proclaimed "Pridnestrovian Moldavian Republic" (PMR) said.\n\nKremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said that the reports of blasts in the Trans-Dniester region were a cause for serious concern and Moscow was closely following the events.\n\nUN expects 8.3 million to flee Ukraine this year\n\nThe UN refugee agency (UNHCR) said on Tuesday that it expects some 8.3 million people to flee Ukraine this year.\n\nUNHCR had previously planned for some 4 million refugees in the immediate aftermath of Russia\'s invasion of Ukraine.\n\nMore than 12.7 million people have fled their homes in Ukraine in the past two months, UNHCR spokesperson Shabia Mantoo said. This included 7.7 million internally displaced people and 5 million people who fled Ukraine across international borders.\n\n"The scale of the crisis, definitely the rapidity of people fleeing, we have not seen in recent times," Mantoo said at a UN news briefing. Mantoo added that Syria has the biggest current refugee crisis in the world, with 6.8 million people having fled the country.\n\nWatch video 05:00 Germany: Russian monks help Ukrainians, despite Russian Orthodox Church support for war\n\nUN doubles Ukraine aid appeal to $2.25 billion\n\nThe United Nations\' humanitarian agency (UN OCHA) said that it has been forced to double its aid appeal to $2.25 billion (€2.11 billion) as the humanitarian situation in the country worsens.\n\n"Over $2.25 billion is now required for needs inside Ukraine, more than double of the amount requested ($1.1 billion) when we launched the appeal on 1 March, a few days after the war began," the UN OCHA said in a statement.\n\nUS, allies will \'move heaven and Earth\' to meet Ukrainian security requirements — Defense Secretary\n\nUS Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin said that the aim of the conference at the air base in Ramstein, Germany was to "help Ukraine win the fight against Russia\'s unjust invasion," as well as to "build up Ukraine\'s defenses for tomorrow\'s challenges."\n\nAustin said that he discussed with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy Kyiv\'s "changing requirements" as Russia focuses on Ukraine\'s eastern Donbas region. Austin said that the US and its allies will "keep moving heaven and Earth" to meet Ukraine\'s security requirements.\n\n"Ukraine needs our help to win today, and they will still need our help when the war is over," Austin said. He added that the US and its allies have committed more than $5 billion of equipment to support Ukraine\'s defense since the start of the war.\n\nThe defense secretary said that Ukraine "has done a magnificent job defending its sovereignty against Russia\'s unprovoked invasion."\n\nAustin said that Ukraine\'s allies had provided assistance at "record speed," adding that "Putin never imagined that the world would rally behind Ukraine so swiftly."\n\nReferring to Russian troop withdrawal from areas around Ukraine\'s capital, Austin said that the war was "entering a new phase" following what he called "Russia\'s defeat at the battle of Kyiv."\n\n"Russia is waging a war of choice to indulge the ambitions of one man," Austin said, alluding to Russian President Vladimir Putin. "Ukraine is fighting a war of necessity to defend its democracy, its sovereignty and its citizens."\n\nWatch video 01:06 Austin: \'We\'re here to help Ukraine win the fight against Russia\'s unjust invasion\'\n\nExplosions hit radio facility in Russia-backed Trans-Dniester\n\nPolice in the breakaway Moldovan region of Trans-Dniester said that two explosions knocked two powerful antennas out of service in a radio facility close to Ukrainian border. The interior ministry of the region said those antennas were re-broadcasting Russian radio.\n\nThe incident occurred in a small town of Maiac about 50 kilometres (30 miles) from the regional capital Tiraspol and roughly 12 kilometers (7 miles) west of the border with Ukraine. No one was hurt in the explosions, officials said.\n\nThe explosions come just a day after several explosions believed to be caused by rocket-propelled grenades were reported to hit the state security ministry in Tiraspol.\n\nMoldovan President Maia Sandu is convening a meeting of the country\'s Supreme Security Council on Tuesday over incidents that took place in Trans-Dniester.\n\nTrans-Dniester is a narrow strip of land on the east bank of the Dniester River, sandwiched between Ukraine and Moldova. The breakaway region seceded from Moldova after a brief military conflict in 1992 following the collapse of the Soviet Union.\n\nIn this conflict, separatists were supported by Moscow. Russia still has a military base there.\n\nA senior Russian military official, Rustam Minnekayev, said last week that Russian forces aim to take full control of southern Ukraine, saying such a move would open the way to Trans-Dniester.\n\nGermany confirms it will send tanks to Ukraine\n\nThe German government confirmed reports that it will approve a delivery of "Gepard" anti-aircraft tanks to Ukraine, according to a statement seen by DW.\n\nGerman Defense Minister Christina Lambrecht will announce the move during opening remarks at Ramstein air base, coming at the start of a US-hosted conference on Ukraine.\n\n"Yesterday we decided that Germany will make the delivery of "Gepard" anti-aircraft tanks possible to Ukraine," Lambrecht is expected to say, according to the statement.\n\nThe confirmation comes after German media reported on the move. Chancellor Olaf Scholz\'s government has come under increasing pressure over not yet sending heavy weapons to Ukraine.\n\nUS kicks off Ukraine conference at Ramstein air base\n\nA defense conference on securing Ukraine\'s long-term security is now underway at the US airbase in Ramstein, Germany.\n\nUS Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin has invited around 40 countries to the conference. While many NATO members will be present, a number of the countries invited are not NATO member states.\n\nThe attendees will include NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg and German Defense Minister Christine Lambrecht.\n\nThe meeting seeks to boost weapons deliveries to Ukraine and bolster the country\'s long-term security.\n\nAustin and US Secretary of State Antony Blinken spoke with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on Sunday and pledged additional military assistance to Kyiv. Austin and Blinken are expected to brief allies on Ukraine\'s security needs during the conference.\n\nWatch video 02:05 US to host talks on assistance for Ukraine in Germany\n\nNo imminent threat of direct confrontation with Russia — UK armed forces minister\n\nBritish Armed Forces Minister James Heappey said he did not think there was an imminent threat of escalation in the war in Ukraine leading to nuclear conflict.\n\n"What the West is doing to support its allies in Ukraine is very well calibrated ... Everything we do is calibrated to avoid direct confrontation with Russia," Heappy told BBC television.\n\nHeappey\'s remarks follow a statement by Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, who said that NATO was "in essence engaged in war with Russia through a proxy" and that the "risks" of nuclear escalation were "considerable."\n\n"Lavrov\'s trademark over the course of 15 years or so that he has been the Russian foreign secretary has been that sort of bravado. I don\'t think that right now there is an imminent threat of escalation," Heappey said.\n\nHeappy also told Sky News that it is not NATO that is providing military support to Ukraine.\n\n"The donor effort is something that has been brought together by countries that are yes, many of them are from NATO, but others are from beyond ... it is not NATO that is doing the military aid," Heappy said.\n\nWatch video 02:00 Will Putin use \'tactical\' nuclear weapons in Ukraine?\n\nGermany reportedly to supply Ukraine with \'Gepard\' tanks\n\nAccording to the dpa news agency, Germany\'s federal government intends to allow tanks from industry stocks to be delivered to Ukraine. German defense company Krauss-Maffei Wegmann will be given the green light to sell "Gepard" anti-aircraft tanks from previous Bundeswehr stocks, dpa reported.\n\nGermany\'s Süddeutsche Zeitung newspaper reported that Defense Minister Christine Lambrecht will pledge the anti-aircraft tanks to Ukraine during today\'s meeting at the Ramstein US air base.\n\nUS Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin said on Monday following a meeting with Ukrainian officials that Kyiv had requested tanks as it seeks to adapt to the shifting conditions of the conflict.\n\nGermany is reportedly to supply Ukraine with anti-aircraft "Gepard" tanks\n\nKreminna in Luhansk region has fallen — UK defense ministry\n\nBritain\'s Defense Ministry said in a Tuesday intelligence update that the town of Kreminna in Ukraine\'s eastern Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to Russian forces.\n\nRussian troops are attempting to advance north to Sloviansk and east to Kramatorsk, according to the ministry.\n\n"Russian forces are likely attempting to encircle heavily fortified Ukrainian positions in the east of Ukraine," the intelligence update said, adding that Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in the southeastern city of Zaporizhzhia.\n\nUK drops import tariffs on goods from Ukraine to zero\n\nThe UK has dropped tariffs on all goods coming from Ukraine, following a direct request from Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy.\n\n"The UK will continue to do everything in its power to support Ukraine\'s fight against Putin\'s brutal and unprovoked invasion," British International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan said.\n\nThe average tariff on Ukrainian imports was about 22%.\n\nThe British government said it would also impose further export bans on products to Russia, including cash, maritime goods and technology, and energy-related goods.\n\nUkraine wants UN to seek Mariupol evacuation\n\nUkraine has urged UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres to press Russia for an evacuation of the besieged port of Mariupol. Guterres is set to meet Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in Moscow on Tuesday.\n\nThe UN chief "should focus primarily on one issue, evacuation of Mariupol," Ukraine Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba told The Associated Press in an interview.\n\n"This is really something that the UN is capable of doing. And if he demonstrates political will, character, and integrity, I hope that will allow us to make one step forward," he said.\n\nRussian forces have surrounded fighters in the last Ukrainian stronghold in the Azovstal steel plant, but an estimated 100,000 civilians are also trapped in the city.\n\nKuleba also said he was concerned Guterres could fall into a Kremlin "trap." He cited trips to the Russian capital by foreign officials ahead of the invasion on February 24 as evidence of the Kremlin dictating diplomacy.\n\nOn Thursday, Guterres is expected to head to Ukraine for talks with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Foreign Minister Kuleba.\n\nWatch video 02:00 Ukrainian troops still holding out in Mariupol\n\nZelenskyy urges Ukrainians to make country \'unbearable\' for Russian occupation\n\nUkraine\'s president, Volodymyr Zelenskyy, called Ukrainians to think of how to make "the presence of occupiers at our land even more unbearable."\n\nIn his nightly address, Zelenskyy predicted Russia would lose the war, but said it would require sacrifice.\n\n"Every day of the fight will add years and years to the peaceful life after this war, after our victory," Zelenskyy said.\n\nHe was aware the Ukrainians wanted to know "when it all be over," but said "there is no simple answer to that at this time."\n\nUS to host Ukraine-focused defense talks at Germany\'s Ramstein air base\n\nThe US military expects officials from more than 20 countries to attend talks on Tuesday at Ramstein Air Base in Germany focused on arming Ukraine.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin is hosting the event following a trip to Kyiv, where he pledged additional support to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy.\n\nIn remarks following his appearance in Kyiv on Monday, Austin said he would like "to see Russia weakened to the point where it can\'t do things like invade Ukraine."\n\nGeneral Mark Milley, chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff, said a key goal of the talks was to synchronize and coordinate security assistance to Kyiv that includes heavy weaponry, like howitzer artillery and well-armed drones and ammunition.\n\n"The next several weeks will be very, very critical," Milley told reporters traveling with him to Germany.\n\n"They need continued support in order to be successful on the battlefield. And that\'s really the purpose of this conference."\n\nNATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg is expected to attend the meeting, along with representatives from NATO and non-NATO countries.\n\nWatch video 03:34 US now clearly willing to provide Ukraine with what they need: military expert\n\nLavrov says NATO engaged in \'proxy war\' with Russia\n\nRussian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov told Russian state television that NATO was "in essence engaged in war with Russia through a proxy" by supplying weapons to Ukraine.\n\nSpeaking to the Russian First Channel he said, "these weapons will be a legitimate target for Russia\'s military."\n\n"Storage facilities in western Ukraine have been targeted more than once [by Russian forces]. How can it be otherwise? War means war," he said.\n\nThe foreign minister also said Monday evening that Moscow wants to reduce the chance of "artificially" elevating the risks of a nuclear conflict.\n\n"This is our key position on which we base everything. The risks now are considerable," Lavrov said.\n\nThe top diplomat said peace talks with Ukraine would continue.\n\nHe conceded the war in Ukraine would probably end finish with the signing of an accord but added the terms would depend on the military situation in the country at the time.\n\nAfter Lavrov\'s interview, Ukrainian foreign minister Dmytro Kuleba wrote on Twitter that Russia had lost its "last hope to scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\n"This only means Moscow senses defeat," he added.\n\nSummary of Monday\'s events in the Ukraine-Russia crisis\n\nVadym Boychenko, the mayor of the besieged city of Mariupol, said a new mass grave had been identified 10 kilometers (6 miles) north of the city. Several victims were located there, though authorities are trying to identify how many victims are in the unmarked graves.\n\nRussia said it expelled 40 German diplomats in response to Berlin\'s decision to kick out Russian diplomats over the conflict in Ukraine. Germany Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock said the move was unjustified as the Russian staff expelled from Germany had been "spies" rather than diplomats.\n\nWatch video 02:42 Russia expels German diplomats: Leonie von Hammerstein reports\n\nFinnish newspaper Italehti has reported Finland and Sweden have agreed to submit NATO applications at the same time during the week of May 16.\n\nSwedish paper Expressen writes that its sources confirm there is an agreement between the two countries.\n\nUkrainian Railways reported that five train stations in central and western Ukraine had come under fire and had been hit by missile strikes. Russia\'s Defense Ministry claimed it used missiles to destroy facilities powering the railways supplying Ukrainian forces with foreign weapons.\n\nAbout 15,000 Russian troops have been killed since Russia invaded Ukraine, UK Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said. Ukraine has claimed 22,000 Russian troops were killed since the invasion. Russia has acknowledged only 1,351 military deaths.\n\nUS Secretary of State Antony Blinken says Russia is trying to brutalize parts of Ukraine but failing in its war aims.\n\nAfter a visit to Kyiv, Blinken said Russia\'s military was underperforming, and its economy was "in shambles" due to sanctions and a mass "exodus" from the country.\n\nWatch video 02:54 Russian missiles strike Ukrainian rail stations\n\nYou can revisit our live updates from April 25 here.\n\nsi, lo, aw/wmr, rs, mhm (AFP, AP, dpa, Reuters)', 'image': 'https://static.dw.com/image/61602081_6.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:19'}
{'title': '“To Kill The Bear” - Why Total Victory Over Russia Is Frightening, And Necessary', 'keywords': ['frightening', 'ukrainian', 'language', 'ukraine', 'necessary', 'population', 'total', 'city', 'mother', 'victory', 'languages', 'ukrainians', 'mariupol', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0911, 'subjectivity': 0.2554, 'link': 'https://worldcrunch.com/world-affairs/putin-russia-kill-the-bear', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:21', 'summary': 'As of 2001, when the last census was conducted, 89.5% of the city\'s population identified Russian as their mother tongue.\nFor reasons of history, culture and the similarities of the two languages, Ukraine is effectively a bilingual nation.\n"The overwhelming majority of the population speaks both languages, Russian and Ukrainian,” Mishchenko explains.\nGeographically, the Russian language is more dominant in the eastern and central parts of Ukraine, and Ukrainian in the west.\nI write professionally in three languages: Ukrainian, Russian and English, and can also speak Polish, French, and a bit Japanese.', 'channel': 'worldcrunch.com', 'text': 'Then there is Mariupol, under siege and symbol of Putin’s cruelty. In the largest city on the Azov Sea, with a population of half a million people, Ukrainians make up slightly less than half of the city\'s population, and Mariupol\'s second-largest national ethnicity is Russians. As of 2001, when the last census was conducted, 89.5% of the city\'s population identified Russian as their mother tongue.\n\nThe martyrdom of Mariupol Between 2018 and 2019, I spent several months in Mariupol. It is a rugged but beautiful city dotted with Soviet-era architecture, featuring wide avenues and hillside parks, and an extensive industrial zone stretching along the shoreline. There was a vibrant youth culture and art scene, with students developing projects to turn their city into a regional cultural center with an international photography festival. There were also many offices of international NGOs and human rights organizations, a consequence of the fact that Mariupol was the last major city before entering the occupied zone of Donbas. Many natives of the contested regions of Luhansk and Donetsk had moved there, taking jobs in restaurants and hospitals. I had fond memories of the welcoming from locals who were quicker to smile than in some other parts of Ukraine. All of this is gone. Putin is bombing the very people he has claimed to want to rescue. According to the latest data from the local authorities, 80% of the port city has been destroyed by Russian bombs, artillery fire and missile attacks, with particularly egregious targeting of civilians, including a maternity hospital, a theater where more than 1,000 people had taken shelter and a school where some 400 others were hiding. The official civilian death toll of Mariupol is estimated at more than 3,000 . There are no language or ethnic-based statistics of the victims, but it’s likely the majority were Russian speakers. So let’s be clear, Putin is bombing the very people he has claimed to want to rescue. Putin’s Public Enemy No. 1, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, is a mother-tongue Russian speaker who’d made a successful acting and comedy career in Russian-language broadcasting, having extensively toured Russian cities for years.\n\nRescuers carry a person injured during a shelling by Russian troops of Kharkiv, northeastern Ukraine. Vyacheslav Madiyevskyy/Ukrinform via ZUMA Press Wire\n\nA bilingual nation Yes, the official language of Ukraine is Ukrainian, and a 2019 law aimed to ensure that it is used in public discourse, but no one has ever sought to abolish the Russian language in everyday life. In none of the cities that are now being bombed by the Russian army to supposedly liberate them has the Russian language been suppressed or have the Russian-speaking population been discriminated against. Sociologist Mikhail Mishchenko explains that studies have found that the vast majority of Ukrainians don’t consider language a political issue. For reasons of history, culture and the similarities of the two languages, Ukraine is effectively a bilingual nation. "The overwhelming majority of the population speaks both languages, Russian and Ukrainian,” Mishchenko explains. “Those who say they understand Russian poorly and have difficulty communicating in it are just over 4% percent. Approximately the same number of people say the same about Ukrainian.” In general, there is no problem of communication and understanding. Often there will be conversations where one person speaks Ukrainian, and the other responds in Russian. Geographically, the Russian language is more dominant in the eastern and central parts of Ukraine, and Ukrainian in the west.\n\nA daughter of Kyiv Like most central Ukrainians I am perfectly bilingual: for me, Ukrainian and Russian are both native languages that I have used since childhood in Kyiv. My generation grew up on Russian rock, post-Soviet cinema, and translations of foreign literature into Russian. I communicate in Russian with my sister, and with my mother and daughter in Ukrainian. I write professionally in three languages: Ukrainian, Russian and English, and can also speak Polish, French, and a bit Japanese. My mother taught me that the more languages I know the more human I am. At the same time, I am not Russian — nor British or Polish. I am Ukrainian. Ours is a nation with a long history and culture of its own, which has always included a multi-ethnic population: Russians, Belarusians, Moldovans, Crimean Tatars, Bulgarians, Romanians, Hungarians, Poles, Jews, Greeks. We all, they all, have found our place on Ukrainian soil. We speak different languages, pray in different churches, we have different traditions, clothes, and cuisine. My mother taught me that the more languages I know the more human I am. Like in other countries, these differences have been the source of conflict in our past. But it is who we are and will always be, and real progress has been made over the past three decades to embrace our multitudes. Our Jewish, Russian-speaking president is the most visible proof of that — and is in fact part of what our soldiers are fighting for. Many in Moscow were convinced that Russian troops would be welcomed in Ukraine as liberating heroes by Russian speakers. Instead, young soldiers are forced to shoot at people who scream in their native language.\n\nStarving people ina street of Kharkiv in 1933, during the famine Diocesan Archive of Vienna (Diözesanarchiv Wien)/BA Innitzer', 'image': 'https://worldcrunch.com/media-library/a-destroyed-russian-tank-remains-in-the-yard-of-a-private-house-in-hostomel-ukraine.jpg?id=29726188&width=1200&coordinates=0%2C408%2C0%2C408&height=600', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:21'}
{'title': 'Russia-Ukraine War (April 25): Mariupol Officials Say New Mass Grave Found', 'keywords': ['ministry', 'ukrainian', 'mass', 'grave', 'oil', 'foreign', 'defense', 'forces', 'mariupol', 'say', 'officials', 'military', 'russiaukraine', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0301, 'subjectivity': 0.2646, 'link': 'https://www.theepochtimes.com/live-updates-russia-ukraine-war-april-25_4424882.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:40', 'summary': '(Maxar Technologies via Reuters)Russia–Ukraine War (April 25): Mariupol Officials Say New Mass Grave FoundThe latest on the Russia–Ukraine crisis, April 25.\nMariupol Officials Say New Mass Grave FoundOfficials in the embattled Ukrainian city of Mariupol say a new mass grave has been identified north of the city.\nRead the full article here____17 Dead in Russian Military Research Facility Fire on April 21At least 17 people have died in last week’s fire at a Russian military research facility, authorities said Monday.\nReacting to these comments, Ukrainian Foreign Ministry spokesman Oleg Nikolenko released a strong-worded statement on Sunday.\n_____Fire Erupts at Russian Oil Depot Near Border With UkraineA fire has erupted at a Russian oil depot near the border with Ukraine.', 'channel': 'theepochtimes.com', 'text': 'Satellite image of more trenches dug into land outside Mariupol, Ukraine, on April 15, 2022. (Maxar Technologies via Reuters)\n\nRussia–Ukraine War (April 25): Mariupol Officials Say New Mass Grave Found\n\nThe latest on the Russia–Ukraine crisis, April 25. Click here for updates from April 24.\n\nMariupol Officials Say New Mass Grave Found\n\nOfficials in the embattled Ukrainian city of Mariupol say a new mass grave has been identified north of the city.\n\nMayor Vadym Boychenko said authorities are trying to estimate the number of victims in the grave about 10 kilometers (about 6 miles) north of Mariupol.\n\nSatellite photos released over the past several days have shown what appear to be images of other mass graves.\n\nMariupol has been decimated by fierce fighting over the past two months. The capture of the city would deprive Ukraine of a vital port and allow Moscow to establish a land corridor to the Crimean Peninsula, which it seized from Ukraine in 2014.\n\n___\n\n4 Die, 9 Wounded From Russian Shelling of Kharkiv: Governor\n\nFour people died and nine were wounded as a result of Russia‘s shelling in the Kharkiv region on Monday, Oleh Synegubov, the region’s governor told Ukraine‘s public broadcaster.\n\n___\n\nKyiv Wants UN to Seek Mariupol Evacuation\n\nUkraine’s foreign minister on Monday urged the U.N. chief to press Russia for an evacuation of the besieged port of Mariupol, calling it something the world body is capable of achieving.\n\nForeign Minister Dmytro Kuleba told The Associated Press in an interview he was concerned that by visiting Moscow on Tuesday before traveling to Kyiv, U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres could be vulnerable to falling into a Kremlin “trap” in the war.\n\nKuleba said Guterres “should focus primarily on one issue: evacuation of Mariupol.\n\nAn estimated 100,000 people are trapped in the seaside city while a contingent of Ukrainian fighters hold out against Russian forces in a steel mill where hundreds of civilians also are taking shelter.\n\n___\n\nRussian Officer: Missile to Carry Several Hypersonic Weapons\n\nA new Russian intercontinental ballistic missile is capable of carrying several hypersonic weapons, a senior Russian military officer said Sunday.\n\nCol. Gen. Sergei Karakayev, the commander of the Russian military’s Strategic Missile Forces, said in televised remarks that the new Sarmat ICBM is designed to carry several Avangard hypersonic glide vehicles.\n\nRussia’s Defense Ministry said the Sarmat was test-fired for the first time Wednesday from the Plesetsk launch facility in northern Russia and its practice warheads have successfully reached mock targets on the Kura firing range on the far eastern Kamchatka Peninsula.\n\n___\n\nBridget Brink Named as US Ambassador to Ukraine\n\nPresident Joe Biden announced on Monday his nomination of Bridget Brink to serve as U.S. ambassador to Ukraine.\n\nBrink, a career foreign service officer, has served since 2019 as ambassador to Slovakia. She previously held assignments in Serbia, Cyprus, Georgia, and Uzbekistan as well as with the White House National Security Council. The post requires confirmation by the U.S. Senate.\n\nThe announcement comes as American diplomats prepare to return to Ukraine this coming week, although the U.S. embassy in Kyiv will remain closed for now.\n\n___\n\nUS Wants to See Russian Military ‘Weakened’\n\nThe United States wants to see the Russian military “weakened” amid the invasion of Ukraine, said Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin on Monday as he and Secretary of State Antony Blinken met with officials in Europe.\n\n“We want to see Russia weakened to the degree that it can’t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine,” Austin told reporters, according to a transcript.\n\nHis remarks on Monday are perhaps the most explicit yet from a White House official on the Biden administration’s goals in the conflict, representing a sharpening of rhetoric toward the Russian government as the conflict enters its third month. Austin made the comments while speaking with Blinken at a press conference in Poland, a day after the pair visited Kyiv to meet with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on providing more military assistance.\n\nWhen asked about the United States’ “goals for success” amid the conflict, Austin responded, “Ukraine remains a sovereign country, a democratic country, able to protect its sovereign territory.” But then he told reporters that he wants to see Russia’s military capacity diminished.\n\n“It has already lost a lot of military capability and a lot of its troops, quite frankly, and we want to see them not have the capability to very quickly reproduce that capability,” Austin added.\n\nRead the full article here\n\n___\n\nUS Promises More Ukraine Aid\n\nSecretary of State Antony Blinken and Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin said Monday after a secrecy-shrouded visit to Kyiv that Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy is committed to winning his country’s fight against Russia and that the United States will help him achieve that goal.\n\n“He has the mindset that they want to win, and we have the mindset that we want to help them win,” Austin told reporters in Poland, the day after the three-hour face-to-face meeting with Zelenskyy in Ukraine.\n\nAustin said that the nature of the fight in Ukraine had changed now that Russia has pulled away from the wooded northern regions to focus on the eastern industrial heartland of the Donbass. Because the nature of the fight has evolved, so have Ukraine’s military needs, and Zelenskyy is now focused on more tanks, artillery, and other munitions.\n\n“The first step in winning is believing that you can win,” Austin said. “We believe that they can win if they have the right equipment, the right support, and we’re going to do everything we can … to ensure that gets to them.”\n\n____\n\nUkraine Removes Hirohito From Video After Japan Protests\n\nUkraine’s government has apologized and removed a photo of Japanese wartime monarch Hirohito from a video showing him with Adolf Hitler and Benito Mussolini after Japan protested, officials said Monday.\n\nJapan will continue to support Ukrainians who are defending their country from Russia’s invasion despite the “completely inappropriate” portrayal of Hirohito, Deputy Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihiko Isozaki said.\n\nThe video, posted by the Ukrainian government on Twitter on April 1, criticized Russia’s invasion as “rashism.” Underneath the photos of the three World War II-era leaders were the words “Fascism and Nazism were defeated in 1945.”\n\nJapan fought World War II in the name of Hirohito. Historical evaluations of his role in the war remain divided.\n\nIsozaki said Japan lodged a protest and demanded the removal of Hirohito’s image, which Ukraine has done.\n\n“Our sincere apologies to Japan for making this mistake,” the Ukrainian government said on Twitter Sunday. “We had no intention to offend the friendly people of Japan.”\n\n_____\n\nNumber of Expelled Russian Diplomats Revealed\n\nAround 400 Russian diplomats have been expelled from 28 countries since the launch of Moscow’s military operation in Ukraine, the Russian Foreign Ministry revealed on Monday.\n\nAccording to Deputy Foreign Minister Evgeny Ivanov, diplomatic expulsions became the preferred method of the West even before Feb. 24. Calling the seizure of Russian assets abroad another “unfriendly” measure, he said these actions “will not go unanswered.”\n\n“We counteract where we can, up to appealing to the courts. Unfriendly actions do not go unanswered in the legislative sphere either,” Ivanov said during a parliamentary meeting, as cited by Russian media.\n\nMoscow has previously warned that it would retaliate to all expulsions of its diplomats. On Monday, the Russian Foreign Ministry summoned German Ambassador Geza Andreas von Geyr to express “strong protest” over Berlin’s earlier decision to expel 40 employees of Russian diplomatic institutions. As a “symmetrical response,” 40 employees of German diplomatic institutions in Russia have been designated persona non grata, the ministry announced.\n\n_____\n\nPutin Says US and Its Allies of Trying to ‘Split Russian Society’\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin has accused the United States and its allies of trying to “split Russian society.”\n\nSpeaking Monday at a meeting with top officials at the Prosecutor General’s office, Putin said Russia has come under “unprecedented Western sanctions” amid its military action in Ukraine.\n\nHe charged that the United States and its allies have sought to “split the Russian society and to destroy Russia from within,” adding that their plans have failed.\n\nPutin urged Russian prosecutors to act more quickly to block unsanctioned demonstrations organized from abroad. He also noted that they should focus on exposing “open provocations” against the Russian military allegedly involving international media and social platforms.\n\n_____\n\nNATO Warships Arrive at Finnish Port for Training Exercises\n\nThree NATO warships arrived in the southwestern Finnish port of Turku on Monday to train with Finland’s navy as Helsinki considers the possibility of joining the U.S.–led alliance amid increased tensions with Russia over Ukraine.\n\nLatvian minelayer LVNS Virsaitis and minehunters Estonian ENS Sakala and Dutch HNLMS Schiedam will train with two minehunters from Finland’s coastal fleet, the Finnish defense forces said in a statement.\n\nThe two-day exercise, set to commence on April 28, will prepare the Finnish ships to take part in NATO response forces in 2022 and focus on “mine countermeasures and working in a multinational framework,” the statement said.\n\nFinnish Prime Minister Sanna Marin said on April 13 that her country would take a decision in the next few weeks about whether to apply to join NATO.\n\n_____\n\nPutin Outlines Position on Foreign Firms\n\nRussia faces unprecedented sanctions pressure that continues to intensify, President Vladimir Putin said on Monday, noting that despite the prevailing conditions, the country’s economy has the opportunity to function stably and smoothly. He has promised to support businesses as much as possible, including foreign firms that have stayed in Russia.\n\nTo do that, it is necessary to respect the rights of business owners and support them to the full, including by reducing the administrative burden, Putin said. Foreign companies that have remained in Russia despite sanctions pressure should be allowed to “work peacefully,” he added.\n\nThe Russian president earlier instructed the government to allocate additional resources to support small and medium-sized businesses and create better growth conditions for new industries based on new and yet-to-be-developed supply chains. Putin also said he believes that sanctions will result in new leaders emerging in the Russian market.\n\n____\n\nRussia Investigates Large Oil Depot Fire in Region Near Ukraine\n\nRussia said on Monday it would investigate the cause of a large fire that erupted in the early hours of the morning at an oil storage facility in the city of Bryansk 154 km (96 miles) northeast of the border with Ukraine.\n\nUnverified social media footage showed what sounded like two explosions followed by a tower of flames, with one unverified video showing a fire raging around a giant fuel reservoir.\n\nRussia’s Ministry of Emergency Situations said nobody had been hurt in the incident.\n\nThe ministry said in a statement that the fire had broken out at a facility owned by oil pipeline company Transneft at 0200 Moscow time (2300 GMT), and that there had been no need to evacuate any parts of Bryansk, a city of 400,000 people.\n\nThe Russian Energy Ministry said there was no threat to diesel and gasoline supplies in the Bryansk region after the incident and there were enough fuel stockpiles.\n\nIt added that the scale of the blaze was being assessed.\n\nOther unverified footage showed what looked like another fire burning at a second location in Bryansk.\n\n______\n\nRussia Expels 40 German Diplomats\n\nRussia is expelling 40 German diplomats in response to Germany expelling the same number of Russian diplomats earlier this month.\n\nThe Russian Foreign Ministry said Monday that it had summoned German ambassador Géza Andreas von Geyr for a “strong protest at the clearly unfriendly decision” to expel the Russian diplomatic staff.\n\nThe ministry said von Geyr was told that 40 members of staff at German diplomatic missions in Russia would be officially declared unwelcome in Russia.\n\n_____\n\nEU Official Says No ‘Unified Position’ Reached on Russian Energy Embargo\n\nThe European Union’s foreign policy chief Josep Borrell has said that insufficient support from EU member states means a complete embargo or punitive tariff on Russian oil and gas imports cannot yet be levied.\n\n“At the moment, we in the EU do not have a unified position on this question,” Borrell was quoted as saying by the German newspaper Die Welt on Monday, adding that “a final proposal for an embargo on oil and gas is not yet on the table.”\n\nBorrell’s comment comes as some EU countries, including Poland and Lithuania, are pushing for a sixth round of sanctions against Russian oil imports in the wake of Moscow’s invasion of Ukraine on Feb. 24.\n\nRead the full article here\n\n____\n\n17 Dead in Russian Military Research Facility Fire on April 21\n\nAt least 17 people have died in last week’s fire at a Russian military research facility, authorities said Monday.\n\nThe regional government in Tver, a city about 180 kilometers (112 miles) northwest of Moscow, said that so far only five of the victims had been identified.\n\nThe blaze at the Central Research Institute for Air and Space Defense of the Russian Defense Ministry in Tver erupted Thursday and it took authorities a day to put it out.\n\nOfficials previously said 27 people were injured and 13 of them were hospitalized.\n\nThe cause of the fire wasn’t immediately clear.\n\nThe research institute was involved in the development of some of the state-of-the-art Russian weapons systems, reportedly including the Iskander missile.\n\n______\n\n5 Killed by Air Strikes in Central Ukraine\n\nUkrainian authorities say at least five people have been killed by Russian strikes on the central Vynnytsia region.\n\nThe Vynnytsia regional prosecutors said another 18 people were wounded in Monday’s Russian missile strikes on the towns of Zhmerynka and Koziatyn.\n\nVinnytsia regional Governor Serhiy Borzov said earlier that the Russian missiles targeted “critical infrastructure,” but didn’t elaborate.\n\nThe Vynnytsia region is fully controlled by Ukraine and is far behind the front lines.\n\n____\n\nRussia Opens Humanitarian Corridor for Civilians From Mariupol’s Azovstal Plant\n\nRussian and Donbass forces will observe a ceasefire around the besieged Azovstal steel mill in Mariupol starting from 2 p.m. Moscow time on Monday, allowing civilians to evacuate to safety, the Russian Defense Ministry has said.\n\nCol. Gen. Mikhail Mizintsev, the head of Russia’s National Defense Management Center, said that armed units will “withdraw to a safe distance and maintain the exit of civilians from the said area in any direction they choose.”\n\n_____\n\nZelenskyy: US Talks Effective, Encouraging\n\nUkraine’s President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has hailed talks with Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin as “encouraging” and “effective.”\n\nSpeaking in Monday’s video address, he said the United States is offering “powerful” support to his country. Zelenskyy added that they agreed “on further steps to strengthen the armed forces of Ukraine and meet all the priority needs of our army.” He noted that ramping up sanctions against Moscow also was on the meeting’s agenda.\n\nBlinken and Austin said the United States had approved a $165 million sale of ammunition for Ukraine’s war effort, along with more than $300 million in foreign military financing.\n\nZelenskyy noted that Ukraine would expect the United States to lead other allies in offering a set of security guarantees in the future.\n\n_____\n\nRussia: Oil Depot Fire Won’t Cause Shortages\n\nRussia’s Energy Ministry says a massive fire at an oil depot in western Russia will not cause fuel shortages.\n\nThe ministry said in a statement that Monday’s fire inflicted damage to a depot containing diesel fuel in Bryansk, and authorities are dealing with the consequences of the blaze.\n\nThe ministry said fuel supplies to consumers haven’t been interrupted and noted that the region has enough diesel fuel for 15 days.\n\nThe Emergencies Ministry said earlier that a huge blaze erupted overnight at the depot owned by Transneft-Druzhba, a subsidiary of the Russian state-controlled company Transneft, which operates the western-bound Druzhba (Friendship) pipeline carrying crude to Europe. It wasn’t immediately clear what caused the blaze, and whether it could affect deliveries to Europe.\n\n_____\n\nRussian Gas Embargo ‘Impossible’ for Austria: Energy Minister\n\nBanning Russian natural gas imports is “currently impossible” for Austria, the country’s energy minister, Leonore Gewessler, told the press over the weekend.\n\n“Austria is 80 percent dependent on Russian gas. As painful as it is, a gas embargo is currently not possible for us, just as it is for some other countries. The essence of sanctions is to let us last longer than [Russian President] Vladimir Putin, and we cannot do that without gas,” the official told Die Presse am Sonntag.\n\n____\n\nUkraine Angry at Austrian Comments\n\nKyiv is “disappointed” by the “short-sighted” statements of Austrian Foreign Minister Alexander Schallenberg who suggested that full EU membership might not be the best option for Ukraine.\n\nOn Saturday, Schallenberg, while admitting that deepening ties with Ukraine is necessary as the EU is exporting the “Western way of life,” said that models other than full EU membership should be considered for Ukraine. He mentioned joining the European Economic Area or an association agreement as among the options.\n\nReacting to these comments, Ukrainian Foreign Ministry spokesman Oleg Nikolenko released a strong-worded statement on Sunday.\n\n“We are disappointed by the remarks of the Austrian Federal Minister of Foreign Affairs about the European future of Ukraine. We consider them to be strategically short-sighted and not in the interests of a united Europe,” Nikolenko said, adding that Schallenberg ignores the positive view of “the vast majority” of the populations of the EU’s founding members toward Ukrainian membership.\n\n______\n\nRussia and Ukraine Differ on Odessa Missile Strike\n\nRussian forces have destroyed a logistics terminal in Odessa that held a large batch of foreign weapons, Moscow announced on Saturday amid its ongoing military offensive in Ukraine. However, the city’s authorities have claimed that its air defense group destroyed two missiles but that another four hit a military target and residential buildings, leading to civilian deaths.\n\nIt was not immediately clear if the buildings were struck by the Russian attack or attempts by Ukrainian forces to strike down the missiles initially aimed at the military target.\n\nAccording to Russian military spokesman Major General Igor Konashenkov, in the afternoon, “high-precision long-range air-launched missiles” hit a logistics terminal located on a military airfield near Odessa, where “a large batch of foreign weapons received from the United States and European countries was stored.”\n\n_____\n\nSkating Chiefs Further Isolate Russia\n\nRussia has been stripped of its right to host a figure skating Grand Prix in the 2022–23 season, the International Skating Union (ISU) has confirmed, while further steps could be taken to sanction Russia and Belarus in the international arena.\n\nThe ISU confirmed on Monday that the traditional Russian stage of its Grand Prix series would not take place next season.\n\nThe event, known as the Rostelecom Cup, took place in Sochi last year but has also been held in Moscow and St. Petersburg.\n\n“Until further notice no International Competitions shall be held in Russia and Belarus. Consequently, the Rostelecom Cup 2022 in Figure Skating will not be included in the ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating series of the season 2022/23,” read an ISU statement.\n\n_____\n\nRussia Warns US Against Sending More Arms to Ukraine\n\nRussia has warned the United States against sending more arms to Ukraine, Moscow’s ambassador to Washington told Russian state television.\n\n“We stressed the unacceptability of this situation when the United States of America pours weapons into Ukraine, and we demanded an end to this practice,” Anatoly Antonov said in an interview with the Rossiya 24 TV channel.\n\nAntonov said an official diplomatic note had been sent to Washington expressing Russia’s concerns. He said such arms supplies from the United States would further aggravate the situation and raise the stakes of the conflict.\n\nWashington’s top diplomat and its defense secretary met Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Kyiv late on Sunday, pledging new assistance worth $713 million for Zelenskyy’s government and other countries in the region.\n\nEarlier in April, President Joe Biden announced an additional $800 million in military assistance to Ukraine, expanding the scope of the systems provided to include heavy artillery.\n\n_____\n\nRussia Strikes Ukrainian Oil Depot and Military Installations\n\nRussia struck Ukraine’s Kremenchuk oil refinery with long-range missiles and hit military installations in its former Soviet neighbor, the Russian defense ministry reported on Monday.\n\n“The armed forces of the Russian Federation continue the special military operation in Ukraine,” the ministry said.\n\nRussia said it struck Ukrainian military installations and the Kremenchuk oil refinery near the Dnipro River that the governor of the Poltava region had said was destroyed earlier this month.\n\n“High-precision long-range weapons destroyed fuel production facilities at an oil refinery on the northern outskirts of the city of Kremenchuk, as well as petroleum products storage facilities which fuelled military equipment for Ukrainian troops,” the ministry said.\n\n_____\n\nUS Says Diplomats to Return to Kyiv, as ‘Russia Has Already Failed’ in War Aims\n\nThe United States promised on Monday to reopen its embassy in Kyiv soon, as Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin and Secretary of State Antony Blinken visited Ukraine’s capital and hailed its success so far against Russia’s invasion.\n\nBoth men said the fact they were able to come to Kyiv was proof of Ukraine’s tenacity in forcing Moscow to abandon an assault on the capital last month, and promised more aid to fend off Russian troops now attempting an advance in the east.\n\nU.S. officials said they pledged new assistance worth $713 million for President Volodymyr Zelenskyy’s government and other countries in the region.\n\n“In terms of Russia’s war aims, Russia has already failed and Ukraine has already succeeded,” Blinken claimed in a briefing in Poland after the two officials returned.\n\nRussia has always denied intending to overthrow Ukraine’s government. Western countries say that was its aim from the outset but it failed in the face of Ukrainian resistance.\n\nThe relative calm in Kyiv is a contrast with the south and east of the country.\n\nSome 200 miles southeast of Kyiv, Russian missile strikes on an oil refinery and power plant in Kremenchuk killed one person and wounded seven, the governor of the Poltava region said. Moscow said it had destroyed oil production facilities there.\n\n_____\n\nUK Claims Russia Made Minor Advances in Ukraine After Its Shift to Donbass\n\nRussia has made minor advances in some areas since shifting its focus to fully occupying the Donbass, the U.K.’s Ministry of Defense claimed on Twitter on Monday.\n\nUkraine’s defense of Mariupol has also exhausted many Russian units and reduced their combat effectiveness, British military intelligence claimed.\n\n_____\n\n5 Railway Stations Come Under Fire in Ukraine, Casualties Reported: State Rail Company\n\nFive railway stations came under fire in western and central Ukraine on Monday, causing an unspecified number of casualties, Ukrainian television quoted state-run Ukrainian Railways as saying.\n\nOleksander Kamyshin, the company’s chief, said the attacks took place in the space of an hour and details were being checked.\n\n_____\n\nFire Erupts at Russian Oil Depot Near Border With Ukraine\n\nA fire has erupted at a Russian oil depot near the border with Ukraine.\n\nThe Tass news agency reported the fire early Monday in Bryansk. The Russian report said oil storage tanks at the facility caught fire around 2 a.m. local time.\n\nNASA satellites that track fires show a burning fire at coordinates that correspond to a Rosneft facility some 70 miles north of the Ukrainian border.\n\nAnton Gerashchenko, adviser to the head of Ukraine’s Ministry of Internal Affairs, was cited by the Ukrainian news agency Unian as saying that people who live near the burning oil depot were being evacuated.\n\nMoscow has previously blamed Ukraine for attacks on the Russian region of Bryansk, which borders Ukraine.\n\nUkraine’s top security officials have denied that Kyiv was behind an earlier airstrike on an oil depot in the Russian city of Belgorod, about 35 miles from the border.\n\n___\n\nBlinken, Austin Meet With Zelenskyy\n\nThe U.S. secretaries of state and defense met Sunday night with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the highest-level visit to the war-torn country’s capital by an American delegation since the start of Russia’s invasion.\n\nThe meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken and U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin was confirmed by presidential adviser Oleksiy Arestovych in an interview on Ukrainian TV.\n\nIt came as Ukraine pressed the West for more powerful weapons against Russia’s campaign in the Donbas region of eastern Ukraine, where Moscow’s forces sought to dislodge the last Ukrainian troops in the battered port of Mariupol.\n\n“Yes, they’re meeting with the president. Let’s hope something will be decided on further help,” Arestovych said in an interview on Ukrainian TV.\n\nBefore the session, Zelenskyy said he was looking for the Americans to produce results, both in arms and security guarantees.\n\n“You can’t come to us empty-handed today, and we are expecting not just presents or some kind of cakes, we are expecting specific things and specific weapons,” he said.\n\n___\n\nUkraine to Call for Heavy Arms When Top US Officials Visit Kyiv\n\nUkraine will ask U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin for more powerful weapons during an expected visit by the officials to Kyiv on Sunday, seeking to build the country’s defenses against the Russian invasion.\n\nThe trip by Blinken and Austin, announced earlier by Zelenskyy, would be the highest-level visit to Ukraine by U.S. officials since Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered the invasion of the country two months ago.\n\nThe White House has not confirmed any visit by Blinken and Austin. The State Department and Pentagon declined to comment.\n\n___\n\nNATO and Russian Military Presence in Mediterranean Sea at ‘Cold War’ Levels\n\nAs the conflict in Ukraine enters its third month, NATO and Russia have built up their naval forces in the Mediterranean Sea to the most significant levels in decades.\n\nThat was confirmed in a recent interview with Thibault Lavernhe, regional communication officer of French forces in the Mediterranean, who said that “Ukraine has changed things.”\n\n“The Americans are back. This hasn’t been the case since the Cold War,” he said. “Russia has doubled, if not tripled, its military capacity in the area” in terms of destroyers, submarines, and frigates, Lavernhe continued to say.\n\nRead the full article here\n\n___\n\nUkraine’s Military Says Russian Forces Are Trying to Storm Azovstal Plant\n\nRussian forces attempted to storm the Ukrainian-held Azovstal steel plant in the besieged southeastern city of Mariupol on Sunday, Ukrainian officials said, despite Russian President Vladimir Putin’s comments last week that the complex did not need to be taken.\n\nUkraine’s armed forces command wrote on Facebook that Russian forces were firing and performing “offensive operations” in the Azovstal area, as well as conducting airstrikes on civilian infrastructure.\n\nSerhiy Volyna, commander of Ukraine’s 36th Marine brigade forces in Mariupol, said in an interview with an opposition lawmaker that was shown on YouTube on Sunday that Russia was hitting the complex with air and artillery bombardments.\n\n“We are taking casualties, the situation is critical … we have very many wounded men, [some] are dying, it’s a difficult [situation] with guns, ammunition, food, medicines … the situation is rapidly worsening,” Volyna said, speaking from his location at the plant.\n\nKonstantin Ivaschenko, the official who has been designated mayor of Mariupol by Russia but not recognized as such by Ukraine, denied that any fighting was taking place in the city in comments reported by Russian news outlet Tass on Sunday.\n\nThe Epoch Times could not independently verify the Ukrainian or Russian accounts.\n\nKatabella Roberts, Jack Phillips, The Associated Press, and Reuters contributed to this report.', 'image': 'https://img.theepochtimes.com/assets/uploads/2022/04/22/MG-1-1200x675.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:40'}
{'title': 'ICC prosecutor to join EU team investigating crimes in Ukraine', 'keywords': ['crimes', 'war', 'president', 'kyiv', 'ukrainian', 'join', 'russian', 'investigating', 'russia', 'defence', 'told', 'military', 'icc', 'team', 'prosecutor'], 'polarity': 0.0599, 'subjectivity': 0.2776, 'link': 'https://www.france24.com/en/europe/20220425-live-blinken-and-austin-announce-us-aid-diplomatic-push-during-ukraine-visit', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:04', 'summary': 'The International Criminal Court\'s chief prosecutor will join an EU investigations team to probe possible international crimes committed in Ukraine, the EU\'s judicial cooperation agency said Monday.\nOf the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, Lavrov told Russian news agencies that he was confident that “everything will of course finish with the signing of an accord.\n5:03pm: ICC prosecutor to join EU team investigating crimes in UkraineThe International Criminal Court\'s chief prosecutor will join an EU investigations team to probe possible international crimes committed in Ukraine, the EU\'s judicial cooperation agency said Monday.\n10:29am: Russia strikes Ukrainian oil depot, defence ministry saysRussia struck Ukraine\'s Kremenchuk oil refinery with long-range missiles, according to the Russian defence ministry.\n"Starting this week, members of that team will be able to do day trips instead into Ukraine," he said.', 'channel': 'france24.com', 'text': 'As it happened\n\nA boy stands next to a wrecked vehicle in front of an apartment building damaged during the Ukraine-Russia conflict in the southern port city of Mariupol, Ukraine, on April 24, 2022.\n\nThe International Criminal Court\'s chief prosecutor will join an EU investigations team to probe possible international crimes committed in Ukraine, the EU\'s judicial cooperation agency said Monday. It will mark the first time the Hague-based ICC – set up in 2002 as an independent tribunal to probe the world\'s worst crimes – will take part in a joint investigation with other countries. Follow the day\'s events as they unfolded on our liveblog. All times are in Paris time (GMT+2).\n\nAdvertising Read more\n\nThis live page is no longer being updated. For more of our coverage of the war in Ukraine, click here.\n\n04:36am: Pressure mounts on Germany’s Schroeder over Russia ties\n\nPressure was growing Monday inside Germany’s Social Democratic Party (SPD) to expel their former leader and ex-chancellor Gerhard Schroeder over his apparent refusal to renounce his business ties with Russia.\n\nSchroeder, who is a lobbyist for Russian gas and has close ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin, sparked fresh outrage following remarks in an interview with the New York Times published this weekend.\n\nUnrepentant over his business links with Russia, he told the newspaper: “I don’t do mea culpa. It’s not my thing.”\n\nSPD co-president Saskia Esken was asked in an interview with state radio whether Schroeder should quit the party.\n\n“I think he should,” she replied. The party was currently examining 14 motions to have its former leader expelled, she told journalists later, adding that the final decision would come down to the party’s arbitration body.\n\nBut she also told journalists: “He makes his money working for Russian state businesses… Gerhard Schroeder has for many years been a businessman, and we should stop seeing him as a former honourable leader, a former chancellor.”\n\nThomas Kutschaty, another senior party figure, was equally scathing.\n\n“He has to choose,” he told Welt TV. “Either he keeps supporting Putin, or he is a member of the Social Democrats, but the two are not compatible.\n\nFRANCE 24’s Joseph Keen reports:\n\n01:21\n\n03:10am: Britain to lift all tariffs on Ukrainian imports\n\nAll tariffs on goods coming to Britain from Ukraine under an existing free trade deal will be axed to help the Ukrainian economy, the British government announced on Monday.\n\nLondon said tariffs would be reduced to zero and all quotas removed following a direct request from Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky, saying the move would provide a boost for Ukrainian businesses involved in key exports such as barley, honey, tinned tomatoes and poultry.\n\n“We stand unwaveringly with Ukraine in this ongoing fight and will work to ensure Ukraine survives and thrives as a free and sovereign nation,” said British International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan.\n\nBritain said currently the average tariff on Ukrainian imports was about 22 percent. It said the planned change had been offered on a non-reciprocal basis, but Kyiv was likely to match the British action.\n\nAdditionally, the British government said it would also impose further export bans on products to Russia, including cash, maritime goods and technology, and energy-related goods. Last week, it ramped up sanctions on luxury goods including caviar, silver and diamonds.\n\n01:59am: US hosts Ukraine talks in Germany as war enters critical phase\n\nThe United States will host an expected gathering of more than 40 countries on Tuesday for Ukraine-related defense talks that will focus on arming Kyiv so it can defend against an unfolding and potentially decisive Russian onslaught in the east, US officials said.\n\nUS Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin is holding the event at Ramstein Air Base in Germany following a trip to Kyiv where he pledged additional support to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky’s war effort.\n\nUS Army General Mark Milley, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said a key goal of the talks was to synchronize and coordinate mounting security assistance to Kyiv that includes heavy weaponry, like howitzer artillery, as well armed drones and ammunition.\n\n“The next several weeks will be very, very critical,” Milley told reporters travelling with him. “They need continued support in order to be successful on the battlefield. And that’s really the purpose of this conference.”\n\nApril 26, 12:17am: Russia says NATO engaging in ‘proxy’ war in Ukraine, arms shipments legitimate targets\n\nDeliveries of Western weaponry to Ukraine mean that the NATO alliance is “in essence engaged in war with Russia” and Moscow views these weapons as legitimate targets, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said in an interview aired on Monday.\n\n“These weapons will be a legitimate target for Russia’s military acting within the context of the special operation,” Lavrov told state television in an interview posted on the foreign ministry’s website.\n\n“Storage facilities in western Ukraine have been targeted more than once (by Russian forces). How can it be otherwise?” Lavrov said. “NATO, in essence, is engaged in a war with Russia through a proxy and is arming that proxy. War means war.”\n\n11:34pm: US Senate leader expects ‘swift’ action on next round of military funding to Ukraine\n\nUS Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer on Monday said he expected “swift, bipartisan” passage of another bill to aid Ukraine in its fight against Russia once President Joe Biden submits a new funding request.\n\nWhile Schumer did not provide any details on the possible size of such a package, he said, “We must continue helping the people of Ukraine in their fight against Russian aggression” and “I expect swift bipartisan cooperation to get it done.”\n\n11:25pm: UK says Russian invasion likely to cut Ukraine’s grain harvest by 20 percent this year\n\nThe Russian invasion of Ukraine has significantly disrupted Ukrainian agricultural production, the UK’s ministry of defence tweeted in a regular bulletin on Monday.\n\n“Ukrainian grain harvest for 2022 is likely to be around 20% lower than 2021 due to reduced sowing areas following invasion,” it said.\n\nThe reduced grain supply from Ukraine will generate inflationary pressures, elevating the global price of grain, British military intelligence said.\n\nLatest Defence Intelligence update on the situation in Ukraine - 25 April 2022 Find out more about the UK government\'s response: https://t.co/GTz05lanun 🇺🇦 #StandWithUkraine 🇺🇦 pic.twitter.com/cTCajm8Y7p — Ministry of Defence 🇬🇧 (@DefenceHQ) April 25, 2022\n\n10:50pm: Russia\'s Lavrov says military situation to determine any agreement with Ukraine\n\nRussian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Monday that the Ukrainian conflict will end with an agreement but its content will depend on the military situation.\n\nOf the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, Lavrov told Russian news agencies that he was confident that “everything will of course finish with the signing of an accord.\n\n“But the parameters of this accord will be defined by the state of the fighting that will have taken place at the moment the accord becomes reality,” he added.\n\nLavrov also told Russian state television in an interview that Kyiv was only imitating negotiations, according to a transcript published on the foreign ministry’s website.\n\n9:57pm: White House says more sanctions against Russia likely\n\nThe United States is likely to impose more economic sanctions against Russia over its invasion of Ukraine and “no one is safe from our sanctions”, White House press secretary Jen Psaki said on Monday.\n\nPsaki would not comment specifically on a Wall Street Journal report that the reported mother of three of Russian President Vladimir Putin’s children had so far not been sanctioned to avoid riling Putin.\n\n6:55pm: United Kingdom to ship missile launch vehicles to Ukraine\n\nBritain is to send to Ukraine armoured vehicles able to fire missiles against invading Russian aircraft, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said on Monday.\n\nUkrainian forces have been using UK-donated Starstreak high velocity and low velocity missiles against Russian forces for over three weeks, he told parliament.\n\n"We shall be gifting a small number of armoured vehicles fitted with launchers for those anti-air missiles," Wallace said.\n\n"These Stormer vehicles will give Ukraine forces enhanced short-range anti-air capabilities both day and night."\n\nFears of escalating the conflict mean that NATO members including Britain are limited in what military hardware they can send to Ukraine.\n\nWallace said Britain\'s military contribution so far included 5,000 anti-tank missiles, five air defence systems with over 100 missiles and 4.5 tonnes of plastic explosive.\n\n5:03pm: ICC prosecutor to join EU team investigating crimes in Ukraine\n\nThe International Criminal Court\'s chief prosecutor will join an EU investigations team to probe possible international crimes committed in Ukraine, the EU\'s judicial cooperation agency said Monday.\n\nIt will be the first time the Hague-based ICC—set up in 2002 as an independent tribunal to probe the world\'s worst crimes—will take part in a joint investigation with other countries.\n\n"The Office of the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court (ICC) in The Hague will become a participant in the joint investigation team (JIT) on alleged core international crimes committed in Ukraine," Eurojust said in a statement.\n\nChief prosecutor Karim Khan has signed an agreement with prosecutors general of Lithuania, Poland and Ukraine to take part in a joint investigative team to look into possible war crimes and crimes against humanity committed since Russia\'s invasion on February 24.\n\nThe agreement "aims to facilitate investigations and prosecutions in the concerned states as well as those that could be taken forward before the ICC", the Hague-based Eurojust said.\n\nBrussels too supported the move, proposing to broaden Eurojust\'s mandate to allow the agency to "collect, preserve and share evidence of war crimes" to help bolster the probe in Ukraine\n\n4:02pm: Kyiv says Russian strikes on rail infrastructure kill 5 in central Ukraine\n\nAt least five people were killed and another 18 injured on Monday in Russian strikes on railway infrastructure in the central Ukraine region of Vinnytsia, Kyiv said.\n\n"Preliminary information shows that five people died and 18 were injured. Rescue operations are under way, investigators, prosecutors and other services are working at the scene," the office of the Ukrainian prosecutor general said in a statement on social media.\n\n3:37pm: Ukraine war has consequences for Asia, EU chief warns neutral India\n\nRussia\'s invasion of Ukraine threatens India\'s regional security, the European Union chief Ursula von der Leyen said Monday during a trip to New Delhi aimed at fostering deeper strategic ties.\n\nVon der Leyen is the latest visiting Western diplomat to press India, which gets most of its arms from Russia, over its neutral stance on the conflict.\n\nBoth the EU and India face challenges from a rising China, and von der Leyen raised the spectre of Beijing\'s partnership with Moscow to warn the war had consequences further afield than Europe.\n\n"The outcome of the war will not only determine the future of Europe but also deeply affect the Indo-Pacific region," she told an audience at the Raisina Dialogue, an annual geopolitical conference in New Delhi.\n\n"Russia and China have forged a seemingly unrestrained pact. They have declared that the friendship between them has \'no limits\'... What can we expect from the \'new international relations\' that both have called for?"\n\nVon der Leyen\'s trip to New Delhi follows several recent overtures from high-profile diplomatic guests seeking to lure India away from Russia.\n\n3:32pm: Russia expels 40 German diplomats\n\nRussia\'s foreign ministry said on Monday that it had declared 40 German diplomatic staff "personae non gratae" in a retaliatory move after Berlin expelled the same number of Russian diplomats.\n\nRussia\'s foreign ministry said in a statement that it had taken the decision after Germany on April 4 declared a "significant number" of officials at the Russian embassy in Berlin "undesirable".\n\nGermany announced the expulsion of 40 Russian diplomats on April 4 following mounting evidence of civilian killings and mass graves in Bucha, near the Ukrainian capital Kyiv.\n\n3:06pm: Another 45,000 people escape Ukraine amid war\n\nMore than 5.2 million Ukrainians have fled the country since Russia launched its invasion two months ago, with over 45,000 joining their ranks in the past 24 hours, the United Nations said Monday.\n\nIn total, 5,232,014 people have fled Ukraine as refugees since February 24, according to the latest data from the UN refugee agency, UNHCR.\n\nThat marks an increase of 45,270 over Sunday’s figure.\n\nThe outflow has slowed since the start of the war. Since the beginning of April, just under 1.2 million Ukrainians have fled the country, after some 3.4 million left in March.\n\nThe UN’s International Organization for Migration (IOM) said an additional 218,000 citizens of third countries—largely students and migrant workers—have also fled to neighbouring countries since the invasion began.\n\nWomen and children account for 90 percent of those who have fled abroad, with men aged 18 to 60 eligible for military call-up unable to leave.\n\nBeyond the refugees, the IOM estimates more than 7.7 million people have been displaced within Ukraine.\n\nAlmost two-thirds of Ukrainian children have had to flee their homes, including those who remain in the country.\n\n2:45pm: Visit by top US officials sign of improved security situation in Kyiv\n\nA visit by US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Secretary of Defence Lloyd Austin to Kyiv on Sunday is a strong sign that the security situation in Ukraine\'s capital has improved. FRANCE 24\'s Gulliver Cragg reports.\n\n03:11 © France 24\n\n1:08pm: Biden nominates ambassador to Ukraine\n\nUS President Joe Biden has nominated Bridget Brink, the current ambassador to Slovakia, to be the new US ambassador to Ukraine, according to a White House statement.\n\nA foreign service career member, Brink has previously worked at the US embassies in Uzbekistan and Georgia.\n\nThe position must be confirmed by the US Senate.\n\nThe announcement came a day after US Secretary of State Antony Blinken promised a renewed diplomatic push between Washington and Kyiv during his visit to Ukraine.\n\nBlinken said the small staff from the now-shuttered US Embassy in Kyiv, which has relocated to Poland from temporary offices in the western Ukrainian city of Lviv, would begin making day trips to Lviv in the coming days.Though several European countries have already reopened their embassies in Kyiv, the return will be gradual for US diplomats, said Blinken.\n\n1:05pm: Putin accuses West of trying to murder Russian journalists\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin has accused the West of trying to murder Russian journalists and claimed the country’s intelligence agency, the Federal Security Service (FSB), had thwarted one such attempt on a TV reporter.\n\nSpeaking on state television, Putin accused foreign special forces, including the CIA, of attempting to advise Kyiv on the murder of Russian journalists.\n\nPutin did not, however, provide evidence to support his claim.\n\n12:32pm: Ukraine denies any deal of ceasefire near Azovstal plant\n\nUkrainian authorities denied that there had been any agreement on a humanitarian corridor despite an announcement from Russia.\n\n“It is important to understand that a humanitarian corridor opens by the agreement of both sides," Deputy Prime Minister Iryna Vereshschuk said on the Telegram messaging app. "A corridor announced unilaterally does not provide security, and therefore is not a humanitarian corridor."\n\nRussia\'s defence ministry on Monday announced a ceasefire around the Azovstal steel plant in Mariupol to allow a civilian evacuation from the industrial area that has been sheltering the remaining Ukrainian resistance in the port city.\n\nRussian troops "from 14:00 Moscow time (1100 GMT) on April 25, 2022, will unilaterally stop any hostilities, withdraw units to a safe distance and ensure the withdrawal of" civilians, the defence ministry said in a statement.\n\n10:36am: Russian rockets hit Vinnytsia region, deaths reported: governor\n\nRussia fired rockets at two towns in Ukraine\'s central Vinnytsia region, causing an unspecified number of deaths and injuries, regional Governor Serhiy Borzov reported.\n\n"Today, Vinnytsia region is once again under rocket fire (in) the towns of Zhmerynka and Kozyatyn. The enemy is attempting to hit critical infrastructure," Borzov said in a video released on the Telegram messaging app.\n\nRussia did not immediately comment on his remarks.\n\n10:29am: Russia strikes Ukrainian oil depot, defence ministry says\n\nRussia struck Ukraine\'s Kremenchuk oil refinery with long-range missiles, according to the Russian defence ministry.\n\n"High-precision long-range weapons destroyed fuel production facilities at an oil refinery on the northern outskirts of the city of Kremenchuk, as well as petroleum products storage facilities which fuelled military equipment for Ukrainian troops," the ministry said.\n\nThe governor of the the Poltava region where Kremenchuk is based had said the refinery was destroyed earlier this month.\n\n9:25am: Five railway stations come under fire: Ukrainian state rail company\n\nFive railway stations came under fire in western and central Ukraine on Monday morning, causing an unspecified number of casualties, Ukrainian television quoted state-run Ukrainian Railways as saying.\n\nOleksander Kamyshin, the company\'s chief, said the attacks took place in the space of an hour and details were being checked.\n\n9:08am: US wants Russia \'weakened\' so it cannot invade again: Austin\n\nThe US wants Russia\'s military capability weakened so that it cannot carry out another invasion, US Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin told journalists after returning from a trip to Kyiv.\n\n"We want to see Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," Austin told a group of journalists in Poland.\n\nAustin also said Ukraine can win the war against Russia if it had the right equipment. "The first step in winning is believing that you can win. And so they believe that we can win," he said. "We believe that we can win, they can win if they have the right equipment, the right support."\n\n7:41am: UK says Russia made minor advances in Ukraine after its shift to Donbas\n\nRussia has made minor advances in some areas since shifting its focus to fully occupying the eastern Donbas region, the UK\'s Ministry of Defence has tweeted.\n\n"Without sufficient logistical and combat support enablers in place, Russia has yet to achieve a significant breakthrough," it said.\n\nUkraine\'s defence of the southern city of Mariupol has also exhausted many Russian units and reduced their combat effectiveness, British military intelligence said.\n\nLatest Defence Intelligence update on the situation in Ukraine - 25 April 2022\n\n\n\nFind out more about the UK government\'s response: https://t.co/7NVrOfB161\n\n\n\n🇺🇦 #StandWithUkraine 🇺🇦 pic.twitter.com/OfcnHgGfR3 — Ministry of Defence 🇬🇧 (@DefenceHQ) April 25, 2022\n\n6:41am: US aid to Ukraine and neighbours, diplomatic presence in Kyiv\n\nDuring their visit to Kyiv on Sunday – the highest-level US visit since the Russian invasion on February 24 – Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin told Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and his advisers that the US would provide more than $300 million in foreign military financing and had approved a $165 million sale of ammunition.\n\nMoney will also go to Ukraine\'s regional allies who need to resupply after sending weapons to their neighbour.\n\nThey also said US President Joe Biden would soon announce his nominee for ambassador to Ukraine and that US diplomats who left Ukraine before the war would start returning to the country this coming week. The US embassy in Kyiv will remain closed for the moment.\n\nBlinken said Biden in the coming days planned to nominate the current US ambassador to Slovakia, Bridget Brink, as the new ambassador to Kyiv, a post that has been officially empty since 2019.\n\nThough several European countries have already reopened their embassies in Kyiv, the return will be gradual for American diplomats, according to a State Department official.\n\n"Since the start of hostilities, we\'ve had a team across the border in Poland who\'s been handling this work for us," the official told reporters waiting for Blinken and Austin on the Polish side of the border.\n\n"Starting this week, members of that team will be able to do day trips instead into Ukraine," he said. "Ultimately, (they will) resume presence in Kyiv."\n\nApril 25, 12:24am: Zelensky congratulates France’s Macron on reelection\n\nUkraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky congratulated French President Emmanuel Macron on his re-election, saying the French president was a “true friend”.\n\n“Congratulations to the President and a true friend @EmmanuelMacron on the election victory,” Zelensky wrote in French on his Twitter account in the early hours on Monday.\n\n“I wish Emmanuel Macron new successes for the benefit of the French people. I appreciate the support of France and I am convinced: We are stepping together to new common victories! To a strong and united Europe!”\n\nFélicitations à @EmmanuelMacron, un vrai ami de l’Ukraine, pour sa réélection! Je lui souhaite de nouveaux succès pour le bien du peuple 🇫🇷. J\'apprécie son soutien et je suis convaincu que nous avançons ensemble vers de nouvelles victoires communes. Vers une Europe forte et unie! — Володимир Зеленський (@ZelenskyyUa) April 24, 2022\n\n(FRANCE 24 with AFP, AP and REUTERS)\n\nDaily newsletterReceive essential international news every morning Subscribe', 'image': 'https://s.france24.com/media/display/38cf0db0-c4af-11ec-b65b-005056bf8594/w:1280/p:16x9/2022-04-25T120048Z_1164771255_RC2KTT9PE0FZ_RTRMADP_3_UKRAINE-CRISIS-SNAPSHOT.JPG', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:04'}
{'title': 'Britain says Russia tries to encircle Ukraine positions in east', 'keywords': ['tuesdayreports', 'britain', 'zaporizhzhia', 'twitterukrainian', 'ukrainian', 'south', 'russia', 'update', 'forces', 'city', 'russian', 'try'], 'polarity': -0.05, 'subjectivity': 0.2895, 'link': 'https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/europe/britain-says-russia-tries-to-encircle-ukraine-positions-in-east/articleshow/91090849.cms', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:02', 'summary': 'Russia is probably attempting to encircle heavily fortified Ukrainian positions in the country\'s east, the British military said in an update on Tuesday.Reports say the city of Kreminna has fallen, with heavy fighting in the south of the city of Izium , as Russian forces try to advance towards the cities of Sloviansk and Kramatorsk Britain \'s defence ministry said on Twitter.\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defences in Zaporizhzhia in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin.', 'channel': 'timesofindia.indiatimes.com', 'text': 'Russia is probably attempting to encircle heavily fortified Ukrainian positions in the country\'s east, the British military said in an update on Tuesday.Reports say the city of Kreminna has fallen, with heavy fighting in the south of the city of Izium , as Russian forces try to advance towards the cities of Sloviansk and Kramatorsk Britain \'s defence ministry said on Twitter."Ukrainian forces have been preparing defences in Zaporizhzhia in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin.', 'image': 'https://static.toiimg.com/thumb/msid-91090918,width-1070,height-580,imgsize-76042,resizemode-75,overlay-toi_sw,pt-32,y_pad-40/photo.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:02'}
{'title': "Russia is failing, Ukraine is succeeding, says US's Blinken", 'keywords': ['ukrainian', 'million', 'mr', 'succeeding', 'defence', 'officials', 'military', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0333, 'subjectivity': 0.2929, 'link': 'https://jerseyeveningpost.com/uncategorised/2022/04/25/russia-is-failing-ukraine-is-succeeding-says-uss-blinken/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:53', 'summary': 'US secretary of state Antony Blinken has said Russia is failing in its war aims and “Ukraine is succeeding”.\nMr Blinken told reporters near the Polish-Ukrainian border on Monday: “We had an opportunity to demonstrate directly our strong ongoing support for the Ukrainian government and the Ukrainian people.\nAn estimated 1,000 civilians are also sheltering in the steelworks, and the Russian military pledged to open a humanitarian corridor on Monday for them to leave.\nMr Biden has accused Russian President Vladimir Putin of genocide for the destruction and death wrought on Ukraine.\n(PA Graphics)From Poland, Mr Blinken plans to return to Washington while Mr Austin will head to Ramstein in Germany for a meeting Tuesday of Nato defence ministers and other donor countries.', 'channel': 'jerseyeveningpost.com', 'text': 'US secretary of state Antony Blinken has said Russia is failing in its war aims and “Ukraine is succeeding”.\n\nHis secrecy-shrouded visit to Kyiv along with defence secretary Lloyd Austin was the highest-level American visit to the capital since Russia invaded in late February.\n\nThey told Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and his advisers that the US will provide more than 300 million dollars (£234 million) in foreign military financing and had approved a 165 million dollar (£128 million) sale of ammunition.\n\nMr Blinken told reporters near the Polish-Ukrainian border on Monday: “We had an opportunity to demonstrate directly our strong ongoing support for the Ukrainian government and the Ukrainian people. This was, in our judgment, an important moment to be there to have face-to-face conversations in detail.”\n\nSpeaking in Monday’s video address, he said the US is offering “powerful” support to his country. Mr Zelensky added that they agreed “on further steps to strengthen the armed forces of Ukraine and meet all the priority needs of our army”.\n\nHe noted that ramping up sanctions against Moscow was also on the meeting’s agenda.\n\nMr Austin said Mr Zelensky’s response to the aid was deep appreciation for what was being given but “he has the mindset that they want to win and we have the mindset that we want to help them win”.\n\nThe talks came as Russia unleashed a string of attacks against Ukrainian rail and fuel facilities on Monday, striking crucial infrastructure far from the front line of its eastern offensive, which Britain said has yet to achieve a significant breakthrough.\n\nUS Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin, third from left, and Secretary of State Antony Blinken, forth from left, meet Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, fourth from right, in Kyiv (Ukrainian Presidential Press Office/AP)\n\nWhen Russia invaded on February 24, its apparent goal was a lightning offensive that would quickly take the capital and perhaps even topple the government in Kyiv. But the Ukrainians, aided by Western weapons, bogged down President Vladimir Putin’s troops and thwarted their push to Kyiv.\n\nMoscow now says its focus is in the eastern region of the Donbas, but one senior military official says it also wants to control southern Ukraine. While both sides said the campaign in the east has begun, it has yet to gather steam.\n\nA small group of Ukrainian troops holed up in a steel plant in the strategic city of Mariupol are tying down Russian forces, and keeping them from being added to the offensive elsewhere in the Donbas, Britain’s Ministry of Defence said on Monday.\n\nOver the weekend, Russian forces launched fresh air strikes on the steel plant in an attempt to dislodge the estimated 2,000 fighters inside. An estimated 1,000 civilians are also sheltering in the steelworks, and the Russian military pledged to open a humanitarian corridor on Monday for them to leave.\n\nRussian tanks roll along a street in an area controlled by Russian-backed separatist forces in Mariupol, Ukraine (Alexei Alexandrov/AP)\n\nBut for now, the British Defence Ministry said that Ukrainian forces have repelled numerous assaults in the past week and “inflicted significant cost on Russian forces”. It said, so far, Russia has “yet to achieve a significant breakthrough” since shifting its focus to the Donbas.\n\nInstead, Russian missiles and war planes struck far behind the front line of that offensive on Monday.\n\nOleksandr Kamyshin, the head of the state-run Ukrainian Railways, said five railway facilities in central and western Ukraine were hit on Monday, including a missile attack near the western city of Lviv.\n\nSerhiy Borzov, the governor of Ukraine’s central Vinnytsia region, said there were casualties after rocket strikes targeting “critical infrastructure”. It was not clear if that referred to the attacks on the railways.\n\nSmoke rises from oil storage facilities hit by fire in Bryansk, Russia (Anonymous source via AP)\n\nMeanwhile, a major fire erupted early Monday at an oil depot in a Russian city about 60 miles from the Ukrainian border, Russia’s Emergencies Ministry said. No cause was given for the blaze.\n\nThe oil depot in Bryansk is owned by a subsidiary of the Russian state-controlled company Transneft, which operates the Druzhba pipeline that carries crude west to other European countries.\n\nA Russian news report said that another oil storage facility in Bryansk also caught fire early Monday.\n\nIn footage later released by the Ukrainian presidency of the meeting with top US officials, Mr Blinken praised the “extraordinary courage and leadership and success that you’ve had in pushing back this horrific Russian aggression”.\n\nMr Austin said at the news conference that “the world has been inspired” by Ukraine in the war and that America will continue its support. “What you’ve done in repelling the Russians in the Battle of Kyiv is extraordinary,” he said.\n\nMr Zelensky had announced on Saturday that he would meet the US officials in Kyiv on Sunday, but Joe Biden’s administration refused to confirm that and declined to discuss details of a possible visit even though planning had been under way for more than a week.\n\nJournalists who travelled to Poland with Mr Austin and Mr Blinken were barred from reporting on the trip until it ended, were not allowed to accompany them on their overland journey into Ukraine, and were prohibited from specifying where in south-east Poland they waited for the Cabinet members to return. Officials at the State Department and the Pentagon cited security concerns.\n\nUkrainian President Volodymyr had urged the Americans not to go empty-handed (Ukrainian Presidential Press Office/AP)\n\nSuch financing is different from previous US military assistance for Ukraine. It is not a donation of drawn-down US Defence Department stockpiles, but rather cash that countries can use to purchase supplies that they might need.\n\nThe new money, along with the sale of 165 million dollars (£128 million) in non-US made ammunition that is compatible with Soviet-era weapons the Ukrainians use, takes the total amount of American military assistance to Ukraine to 3.7 billion dollars (£2.9 billion) since the invasion, officials said.\n\nUS officials said they believed the new assistance would satisfy at least some of the Ukrainians’ urgent pleas for more help. New artillery, including howitzers, continues to be delivered at a rapid pace to Ukraine’s military, which is being trained on its use in neighbouring countries, the officials said.\n\nUS Secretary of State Antony Blinken boards a plane to return to Washington (Alex Brandon/Pool/AP)\n\nMs Brink, a career foreign service officer, has served since 2019 as ambassador to Slovakia. She previously held assignments in Serbia, Cyprus, Georgia and Uzbekistan as well as with the White House National Security Council. The post requires confirmation by the US Senate.\n\nMr Blinken also told Ukraine’s foreign minister that the small staff from the US embassy in Kyiv, which has relocated to Poland from temporary offices in the western Ukrainian city of Lviv, will begin making day trips to Lviv in the coming days.\n\nOfficials said the US had accelerated its review of security conditions in the capital and that the State Department will reopen the embassy there as soon as the situation allows.\n\nMr Biden has accused Russian President Vladimir Putin of genocide for the destruction and death wrought on Ukraine. On Thursday, the US leader said he would provide a new package of 800 million dollars (£623 million) in military aid to Ukraine that included heavy artillery and drones.\n\n(PA Graphics)\n\nFrom Poland, Mr Blinken plans to return to Washington while Mr Austin will head to Ramstein in Germany for a meeting Tuesday of Nato defence ministers and other donor countries.\n\nThat discussion will look at battlefield updates from the ground, additional security assistance for Ukraine and longer-term defence needs in Europe, including how to step up military production to fill gaps caused by the war in Ukraine, officials said. More than 20 nations are expected to send representatives to the meeting.', 'image': 'https://jerseyeveningpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/25144250/Img33212545-4.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:53'}
{'title': 'ukraine: Russia pounds eastern Ukraine as West promises Kyiv new arms', 'keywords': ['russias', 'troops', 'kyiv', 'donbas', 'ukrainian', 'region', 'ukraine', 'russia', 'defense', 'west', 'moscow', 'russian'], 'polarity': -0.0386, 'subjectivity': 0.3035, 'link': 'https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/europe/russia-pounds-eastern-ukraine-as-west-promises-kyiv-new-arms/articleshow/91100364.cms', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:48', 'summary': 'Germany announced it cleared the way for delivery of Gepard anti-aircraft guns to Ukraine.\n"After fierce defense by Ukrainian forces thwarted Russia\'s attempt to take Ukraine\'s capital early in the war, Moscow now says its focus is the Donbas, the mostly Russian-speaking industrial region in eastern Ukraine.\nDefense Secretary Ben Wallace said 25 per cent of the Russian combat units sent to Ukraine "have been rendered not combat effective.\n"Ukrainian officials have said about 2,500 to 3,000 Ukrainian troops had been killed as of mid-April.\nThe West hopes that boosting arms supplies will help remaining fighters repel Russia\'s invasion.', 'channel': 'timesofindia.indiatimes.com', 'text': 'TORETSK: Russia pounded eastern Ukraine on Tuesday as the US defense secretary promised to "keep moving heaven and earth" to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive even as Moscow warned such support risked widening the war.Two months into the devastating conflict, Western arms have already helped Ukraine stall Russia\'s invasion but its leaders have said they need more support fast.US Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that help was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the United States\' Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons. Germany announced it cleared the way for delivery of Gepard anti-aircraft guns to Ukraine."This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks. He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting "with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine\'s near-term security requirements because we\'re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them."After fierce defense by Ukrainian forces thwarted Russia\'s attempt to take Ukraine\'s capital early in the war, Moscow now says its focus is the Donbas, the mostly Russian-speaking industrial region in eastern Ukraine. That move is already having a devastating effect on civilians trapped in the conflict.In the small city of Toretsk, residents are struggling to survive, collecting rainwater for cleaning and washing up and fervently hoping for an end to the fighting. "It\'s bad. Very bad. Hopeless," said Andriy Cheromushkin. "You feel so helpless that you don\'t know what you should do or shouldn\'t do. Because if you want to do something, you need some money; and there is no money now."With the potentially pivotal battle for the Donbas underway, the US and its Nato allies are scrambling to get artillery and other heavy weaponry to that area in time to make a difference.German Defense Minister Christine Lambrecht said her government decided on Monday to clear the delivery of Gepard self-propelled armored anti-aircraft guns to Ukraine, though she didn\'t give details. German Chancellor Olaf Scholz has faced mounting pressure, including from within his governing coalition, to approve sending heavy weapons such as tanks and other armored vehicles to Ukraine.Austin also noted Tuesday that more than 30 allies and partners have joined the US in sending security assistance to Ukraine and more than $5 billion worth of equipment committed.The meeting in Germany comes after Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , speaking on Russian television, warned weapons supplied by Western countries "will be a legitimate target," and accused Nato of "pouring oil on the fire" with its support for Ukraine, according to a transcript on the Russian Foreign Ministry\'s website.Lavrov also warned against provoking World War III and said the threat of a nuclear conflict "should not be underestimated." Russian President Vladimir Putin has cited Nato\'s expansion and the risk that Kyiv could join the alliance as reasons for his invasion.UK Armed Forces Minister James Heappey rejected Lavrov\'s accusations of Nato aggression as "utter nonsense." He said "the reason there is a war in Ukraine right now is because Russia rolled over the borders of a sovereign country and started to invade their territory."Heappey also said Russia was making "unsound" military decisions and giving away tactical advantages because of Putin\'s desire to secure some kind of victory by May 9, when Russia marks its victory in World War II.Amid the talk of arms shipments, diplomatic efforts to seek an end to the fighting also continued. United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres met Lavrov on Tuesday and called again for a cease-fire. The UN chief is scheduled to meet Putin later.Elsewhere, International Atomic Energy Agency Director General Rafael Mariano Grossi visited the Chernobyl nuclear plant to deliver equipment, conduct radiological assessments and restore safeguards monitoring systems after tanks and troops churned up highly contaminated soil there in the early hours of Russia\'s invasion in February. His visit comes on the anniversary of the disaster at the plant in 1986, the world\'s worst nuclear accident.In its latest assessment of the fighting, the British Defense Ministry reported Russian advances and heavy fighting in the Donbas region, with one town, Kreminna, reportedly falling after days of street-to-street fighting.Ukraine\'s General Staff said Russian forces shelled Kharkiv, the country\'s second-largest city that lies outside the Donbas but has seen significant attacks as Moscow seeks full control of the region. Ukrainian forces struck back in the Kherson region in the south.A senior Russian military official has said that Russia\'s goal is full control of Ukraine\'s east and south, which would give it a swath of land that lies between Russia and Crimea, which Moscow seized in 2014.Four people died and nine more were wounded on Monday in the Russian shelling of the Donetsk region of the Donbas, its governor Pavlo Kyrylenko said on Telegram. He said a 9-year-old girl and a 14-year-old boy were among those killed.The city council and mayor of Mariupol said a new mass grave was identified about 10 kilometers (6 miles) north of the port city, which is key to the battle of the Donbas. Mayor Vadym Boychenko said authorities were trying to estimate the number of victims. It was at least the third new mass grave discovered in Russian-controlled areas near Mariupol in the last week.Mariupol has been gutted by bombardment and fierce street fighting over the past two months. Russia\'s capture of the city, where an estimated 2,000 Ukrainian troops and some 1,000 civilians are reportedly sheltering in a sprawling steel works, would deprive Ukraine of a vital port, help complete the land corridor to Crimea and free up troops to redeploy elsewhere in the Donbas.Britain said it believes 15,000 Russian troops have been killed in Ukraine since Russia\'s invasion began - far above the 1,351 deaths acknowledged by Moscow. Defense Secretary Ben Wallace said 25 per cent of the Russian combat units sent to Ukraine "have been rendered not combat effective."Ukrainian officials have said about 2,500 to 3,000 Ukrainian troops had been killed as of mid-April. The West hopes that boosting arms supplies will help remaining fighters repel Russia\'s invasion. As he opened the meeting in Germany, Austin sought to reassure Kyiv: "We know, and you should know, that all of us have your back and that\'s why we\'re here today - to strengthen the arsenal of Ukrainian democracy."', 'image': 'https://static.toiimg.com/thumb/msid-91101322,width-1070,height-580,imgsize-62954,resizemode-75,overlay-toi_sw,pt-32,y_pad-40/photo.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:48'}
{'title': 'Johnson plays down fears of Russian nuclear strike on Ukraine', 'keywords': ['plays', 'minister', 'johnson', 'space', 'russia', 'ukrainians', 'fears', 'warned', 'political', 'strike', 'nuclear', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0896, 'subjectivity': 0.3072, 'link': 'https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/vladimir-putin-boris-johnson-ukraine-prime-minister-sergei-lavrov-b2066117.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:18', 'summary': 'Boris Johnson has dismissed fears President Vladimir Putin could launch a tactical nuclear strike if his forces continue to be bogged down in Ukraine.\nSome analysts have warned a frustrated Russian leader could use his arsenal of low-yield, battlefield nuclear weapons if they suffered further reverses at the hands of the Ukrainians.\nEarlier, Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov warned that the threat of nuclear conflict “should not be under-estimated”.\n“I think he has far more political space than people worry about.\n“This remains very much in line with our principle of evolving our support to Ukraine as the conflict evolves and their capability requirements change.”', 'channel': 'independent.co.uk', 'text': 'Boris Johnson has dismissed fears President Vladimir Putin could launch a tactical nuclear strike if his forces continue to be bogged down in Ukraine.\n\nThe Prime Minister said the overwhelming support in Russia for the invasion meant Mr Putin had the “political margin for manoeuvre” to back down and withdraw his forces if they fail to breakthrough.\n\nSome analysts have warned a frustrated Russian leader could use his arsenal of low-yield, battlefield nuclear weapons if they suffered further reverses at the hands of the Ukrainians.\n\nEarlier, Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov warned that the threat of nuclear conflict “should not be under-estimated”.\n\nHe accused Nato allies of “pouring oil on the fire” by providing increasingly powerful weaponry to the Ukrainians as he warned against provoking “World War Three”.\n\nHowever, in an interview with TalkTV, Mr Johnson insisted the situation was not as perilous as had been suggested and that the West did not need to make “concessions” to avoid an escalation of the conflict.\n\nHe said: “Given the massive Russian backing for what he is doing, given the apparent obliviousness of the Russian media about what is really happening in Ukraine, the paradox is that Putin has far more political space to back down, to withdraw.\n\n(PA Graphics) (PA Graphics)\n\n“There will come a point when you (Putin) say to the Russian people ‘The military technical operation we launched in Ukraine has been accomplished, it has been technically a success’.\n\n“I think he has far more political space than people worry about. People say we have to make a concession, we have to worry about what Putin might do because of the risk of his defeat.\n\n“I think he has got a lot of space, he has got a lot of room for manoeuvre.”\n\nMr Johnson said Britain and other “sympathetic” countries would continue to supply more Nato-grade weapons, training and intelligence-sharing to the government in Kyiv.\n\nWhile the Prime Minister insisted he did not want the crisis to escalate beyond Ukraine’s borders, he indicated he was happy to see the Ukrainians use British-made weaponry to strike targets in Russia.\n\n“They are being attacked from within Russia territory. They have a right to protect and defend themselves,” he said.\n\nHe added: “We cannot accept the idea that this is some sort of stand-off between Russia and the West.\n\n“Putin’s regime is engaged in a diabolical attempt to crush the life out of the Ukrainian state. What we are doing is helping the Ukrainians to protect themselves.”\n\nMeanwhile, Armed Forces Minister James Heappey said Britain would providing the Ukrainians with longer-range Brimstone ground attack missiles “in the next few weeks”.\n\n“Recently Ukraine has been asking for longer-range ground attack missiles, and the Government has been exploring if stocks of Brimstone could be released for such purposes,” he told the House of Commons.\n\n“This remains very much in line with our principle of evolving our support to Ukraine as the conflict evolves and their capability requirements change.”', 'image': 'https://static.independent.co.uk/2022/04/26/21/99cd663607e0b82c819e1d6fccdac248Y29udGVudHNlYXJjaGFwaSwxNjUxMDg5NjQx-2.66007870.jpg?quality=75&width=1200&auto=webp', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:18'}
{'title': "Kremlin: Danger of Nuclear War ‘Serious, Real'", 'keywords': ['danger', 'austin', 'ukraine', 'russia', 'proxy', 'defense', 'secretary', 'nuclear', 'nato', 'military'], 'polarity': 0.0385, 'subjectivity': 0.3156, 'link': 'https://www.theepochtimes.com/kremlin-danger-of-nuclear-war-serious-real_4428562.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:49', 'summary': '(Evelyn Hockstein/Pool/AFP via Getty Images)Kremlin: Danger of Nuclear War ‘Serious, Real’NATO Engaging War With Russia Using Ukraine as a Proxy, Russia SaysThe Kremlin criticized the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) for engaging in a proxy war with Russia through Ukraine.\n“If NATO essentially engages in war with Russia through a proxy and is arming that proxy, war means war,” Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said in a wide-ranging interview broadcast on Russian state television on Monday.\nLavrov claimed that the risk of a nuclear war is “considerable” now.\nU.S. Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin responded Tuesday that threats of the war in Ukraine escalating into a nuclear conflict are “very dangerous and unhelpful.”“Nobody wants to see a nuclear war happen.\n“We want to see Russia weakened to the degree that it can’t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine,” Austin told reporters, according to a transcript.', 'channel': 'theepochtimes.com', 'text': 'British Prime Minister Boris Johnson (L) and President Joe Biden (C) listen as NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg (C/R) addresses a North Atlantic Council meeting during an extrordinary summit at NATO Headquarters in Brussels on March 24, 2022. (Evelyn Hockstein/Pool/AFP via Getty Images)\n\nKremlin: Danger of Nuclear War ‘Serious, Real’\n\nNATO Engaging War With Russia Using Ukraine as a Proxy, Russia Says\n\nThe Kremlin criticized the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) for engaging in a proxy war with Russia through Ukraine.\n\n“If NATO essentially engages in war with Russia through a proxy and is arming that proxy, war means war,” Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said in a wide-ranging interview broadcast on Russian state television on Monday.\n\nHe repeated Russia’s stance that it is legitimate to target weapons provided by Ukraine’s Western allies.\n\nLavrov claimed that the risk of a nuclear war is “considerable” now.\n\n“I would not want to elevate those risks artificially. Many would like that. The danger is serious, real. And we must not underestimate it,” he said.\n\nU.S. Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin responded Tuesday that threats of the war in Ukraine escalating into a nuclear conflict are “very dangerous and unhelpful.”\n\n“Nobody wants to see a nuclear war happen. It’s a war that all sides lose,” Austin said. “And so rattling of sabers and, you know, dangerous rhetoric is clearly unhelpful and something that we won’t engage in.”\n\nU.S. Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin speaks with reporters after returning from their trip to Kyiv and meeting with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, near the Ukraine border, in Poland, on April 25, 2022. (Alex Brandon/Pool via Reuters)\n\nMoscow’s warning came as NATO members are providing more and deadlier weapons to Ukraine to confront Russia in the east and south where the two countries have been involved in disputes for years.\n\nGermany confirmed Tuesday that it will provide “Gepard” anti-aircraft tanks to Ukraine in a notable policy shift.\n\n“Yesterday we decided that Germany will make the delivery of ‘Gepard’ anti-aircraft tanks possible to Ukraine,” German Defense Minister Christina Lambrecht said in a transcript of her speech seen by Deutsche Welle.\n\nA technician uses a welder’s torch to cut parts off a Gepard antiaircraft cannon tank that once belonged to the Bundeswehr at the Battle Tank Dismantling GmbH Koch in Edeleben, Germany, on April 23, 2014. Since the early 1990s, the company has dismantled over 15,000 tanks and other armored vehicles, from German, Austrian, French, and other European arsenals, as many nations reduce their military forces in accordance with the Conventional Armed Forces in Europe Treaty. (Jens Schlueter/Getty Images)\n\nPresident Joe Biden announced on April 21 an extra $800 million in military aid to Ukraine.\n\nSome heavy artillery weapons—72 155mm Howitzers and 144,000 rounds of ammunition—were listed in the package disclosed by Biden on Thursday along with 72 tactical vehicles to tow 155mm Howitzers, over 122 Phoenix Ghost Tactical Unmanned Aerial Systems, and other field equipment and spare parts.\n\nWestern countries are also providing training in Poland, Germany, and the United States.\n\nThe Biden administration said Monday that it wants Russia’s military to be weakened to the extent of not being able to launch an invasion similar to the one in Ukrainian.\n\nWhen asked about the United States’ “goals for success” amid the conflict, Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin responded, “Ukraine remains a sovereign country, a democratic country, able to protect its sovereign territory.” But then he told reporters that he wants to see Russia’s military capacity diminished.\n\n“It has already lost a lot of military capability and a lot of its troops, quite frankly, and we want to see them not have the capability to very quickly reproduce that capability,” Austin added.\n\n“We want to see Russia weakened to the degree that it can’t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine,” Austin told reporters, according to a transcript.\n\nReuters and Jack Phillips contributed to the report.', 'image': 'https://img.theepochtimes.com/assets/uploads/2022/03/24/nato-meeting-1200x824.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:49'}
{'title': "Going underground: Ukraine's subterranean fighters highlight the benefit - and long history - of tunnels in warfare", 'keywords': ['underground', 'troops', 'ukrainian', 'tunnels', 'tunneling', 'networks', 'forces', 'fighters', 'military', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0377, 'subjectivity': 0.3418, 'link': 'https://theconversation.com/going-underground-ukraines-subterranean-fighters-highlight-the-benefit-and-long-history-of-tunnels-in-warfare-181454', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:47', 'summary': 'Faced with the prospect of sending Russian troops into subterranean combat, Vladimir Putin demurred.\nA history of military tunneling from ancient rootsThe use of tunnels and underground chambers in times of conflict is nothing new.\nThe Viet Cong tunnel networks, particularly in the vicinity of Saigon, were an essential part of their guerrilla strategy and remain a popular tourist stop today.\nSpecialized “tunnel rats,” American soldiers who ventured into the tunnels armed only with a knife and pistol, became adept at navigating the tunnel networks.\nThese same tunnels serve to connect much of the industrial infrastructure in Mariupol today – and have become a major asset for the outnumbered Ukrainian forces.', 'channel': 'theconversation.com', 'text': 'Faced with the prospect of sending Russian troops into subterranean combat, Vladimir Putin demurred. “There is no need to climb into these catacombs and crawl underground,” he told his defense minister on April 21, 2022, ordering him to cancel a planned storming of a steel plant in the besieged Ukrainian port city of Mariupol.\n\nWhile Putin’s back-up plan – to form a seal around trapped Ukrainian forces and wait it out – is no less brutal and there are reports that Russians may still have mounted an offensive on the site, Putin’s hesitancy to send his forces into a sprawling network of tunnels under the complex hints at a truth in warfare: Tunnels can be an effective tool in resisting an oppressor.\n\nIndeed since the war began in February, reports have emerged of Ukrainian defenders using underground tunnel networks in efforts to deny Russian invaders control of major cities, as well as to provide sanctuary for civilians.\n\nAs an expert in military history and theory, I know there is sound thinking behind using tunnels as both a defensive and offensive tactic. Such networks allow small units to move undetected by aerial sensors and emerge in unexpected locations to launch surprise attacks and then essentially disappear. For an invader who does not possess a thorough map of the subterranean passages, this can present a nightmare scenario, leading to massive personnel losses, plummeting morale and an inability to finish the conquest of their urban objective – all factors that may have factored in Putin’s decision not to send troops underground in Mariupol.\n\nA history of military tunneling from ancient roots\n\nThe use of tunnels and underground chambers in times of conflict is nothing new.\n\nThe use of tunnels has been a common aspect of warfare for millennia. Ancient besieging forces used tunneling operations as a means to weaken otherwise well-fortified positions. This typically required engineers to construct long passages under walls or other obstacles. Collapsing the tunnel weakened the fortification. If well-timed, an assault conducted in the immediate aftermath of the breach might lead to a successful storming of the defended position.\n\nOne of the earliest examples of this technique is depicted on Assyrian carvings that are thousands of years old. While some attackers climb ladders to storm the walls of an Egyptian city, others can be seen digging at the foundations of the walls.\n\nRoman armies relied heavily upon sophisticated engineering techniques such as putting arches into the tunnels they built during sieges. Roman defenders also perfected the art of digging counter-tunnels to intercept those used by attackers before they presented a threat. Upon penetrating an enemy tunnel, they flooded it with caustic smoke to drive out the enemy or launched a surprise attack upon unsuspecting miners.\n\nThe success of tunneling under fortifications led European engineers in the Middle Ages to design ways to thwart the tactic. They built castles on bedrock foundations, making any attempt to dig beneath them much slower, and surrounded walls with moats so that tunnels would need to be far deeper.\n\nAlthough tunneling remained an important aspect of sieges through the 13th century, it was eventually replaced by the introduction of gunpowder artillery – which proved a more effective way to breach fortifications.\n\nHowever, by the mid-19th century, advances in mining and tunnel construction led to a resurgence in subterranean approaches to warfare.\n\nDuring the Crimean War in the 1850s, British and French attackers attempted to tunnel under Russian fortifications at the Battle of Sevastopol. Ten years later, Ulysses S. Grant authorized an attempt to tunnel under Confederate defenses at the siege of Petersburg, Virginia. In both cases, large caches of gunpowder were placed in chambers created by tunneling under key positions and detonated in coordination with an infantry assault.\n\nTunneling in the age of airpower\n\nWith warfare increasingly relying on aircraft in the 20th century, military strategists again turned to tunnels – undetectable from the skies and protected from falling bombs.\n\nIn World War I, tunneling was attempted as a means to launch surprise attacks on the Western Front, potentially bypassing the other side’s system of trenches and remaining undetected by aerial observers. In particular, the Ypres salient in war-ravaged Belgium was the site of hundreds of tunnels dug by British and German miners, and the horrifying stories of combat under the earth provide one of the most terrifying vignettes of that awful war.\n\nDuring World War II, Japanese troops in occupied areas in the Pacific constructed extensive tunnel networks to make their forces virtually immune to aerial attack and naval bombardment from Allied forces. During amphibious assaults in places such as the Philippines and Iwo Jima, American and Allied forces had to contend with a warren of Japanese tunnel networks. Eventually they resorted to using high explosives to collapse tunnel entrances, trapping thousands of Japanese troops inside.\n\nThe Viet Cong tunnel networks, particularly in the vicinity of Saigon, were an essential part of their guerrilla strategy and remain a popular tourist stop today. Some of the tunnels were large enough to house hospital and barracks facilities and strong enough to withstand anything short of nuclear bombardment.\n\nThe tunnels not only protected Vietnamese fighters from overwhelming American airpower, they also facilitated hit-and-run style attacks. Specialized “tunnel rats,” American soldiers who ventured into the tunnels armed only with a knife and pistol, became adept at navigating the tunnel networks. But they could not be trained in sufficient numbers to negate the value of the tunnel systems.\n\nTunnels for terrorism\n\nIn the 21st century, tunnels have been used to facilitate the activities of terror organizations. During the American-led invasion of Afghanistan, military operatives soon discovered that al-Qaida had fortified a series of tunnel networks connecting naturally occurring caves in the Tora Bora region.\n\nNot only did they hide the movement of troops and supplies, they proved impervious to virtually every weapon in the U.S.-led coalition’s arsenal. The complexes included air filtration systems to prevent chemical contamination, as well as massive storerooms and sophisticated communications gear allowing al-Qaida leadership to maintain control over their followers.\n\nAnd tunneling activity in and around Gaza continues to provide a tool for Hamas to get fighters into Israeli territory, while at the same time allowing Palestinians to circumvent Israel’s blockade of Gaza’s borders.\n\nSoviet tunnels and Ukraine\n\nMany of the tunnels being utilized today in Ukrainian efforts to defend the country were built in the Cold War-era, when the United States routinely engaged in overflights of Soviet territory.\n\nTo counteract the significant air and satellite advantage held by the United States and NATO, the Soviet military dug underground passages under major population centers.\n\nThese subterranean systems offered a certain amount of shelter for the civilian population in the event of a nuclear attack and allowed for the movement of military forces unobserved by the ever-present eyes in the sky.\n\n[Over 150,000 readers rely on The Conversation’s newsletters to understand the world. Sign up today.]\n\nThese same tunnels serve to connect much of the industrial infrastructure in Mariupol today – and have become a major asset for the outnumbered Ukrainian forces.\n\nOther Ukrainian cities have similar systems, some dating back centuries. For example, Odesa, another key Black Sea port, has a catacomb network stretching over 2,500 kilometers. It began as part of a limestone mining effort – and to date, there is no documented map of the full extent of the tunnels.\n\nIn the event of a Russian assault on Odesa, the local knowledge of the underground passages might prove to be an extremely valuable asset for the defenders. The fact that more than 1,000 entrances to the catacombs have been identified should surely give Russian attackers pause before commencing any attack upon the city – just as the tunnels under a steelworks in Mariupol forced Putin to rethinks plans to storm the facility.', 'image': 'https://images.theconversation.com/files/459531/original/file-20220425-26-z10wv.jpg?ixlib=rb-1.1.0&rect=5%2C190%2C3410%2C1705&q=45&auto=format&w=1356&h=668&fit=crop', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:47'}
{'title': 'Ukraine prepares war crimes charges against Russian military personnel, including pilots', 'keywords': ['crimes', 'suspects', 'kyiv', 'international', 'ukrainian', 'pilots', 'personnel', 'potential', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0356, 'subjectivity': 0.3434, 'link': 'https://www.reuters.com/world/europe/ukraine-prepares-war-crimes-charges-against-russian-military-personnel-including-2022-04-26/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:57', 'summary': 'Ukraine says it is investigating some 7,600 potential war crimes and at least 500 suspects following Russia\'s Feb. 24 invasion of its neighbour.\nUkraine’s probe is at the centre of multiple efforts to investigate potential war crimes related to the conflict, including by the ICC.\nread moreUkraine, which is conducting its investigation while still in the throes of war, is scrambling to assemble teams of specialists with war crimes expertise, evaluating potential crimes and developing its prosecution strategy.\nZera Kozlyieva, deputy head of the war crimes unit in the prosecutor general’s office, acknowledged that limited access due to ongoing hostilities and a shortage of war crimes specialists presented challenges.\nUkrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy has accused invading Russian troops of committing "the most terrible war crimes" since World War Two.', 'channel': 'reuters.com', 'text': 'SENSITIVE MATERIAL. THIS IMAGE MAY OFFEND OR DISTURB Forensic technicians exhume the bodies of civilians who Ukrainian officials say were killed during Russia’s invasion and then buried in a mass grave in the town of Bucha, outside Kyiv, Ukraine April 8, 2022. REUTERS/Valentyn Ogirenko\n\nApril 26 (Reuters) - (Note: Some images in this story may offend or disturb.)\n\nThree Russian pilots suspected of bombing civilian buildings in the Kharkiv and Sumy regions are among at least seven Russian military personnel that Kyiv is preparing war crimes charges against, the Ukrainian prosecutor general’s office told Reuters.\n\nIt said the other individuals include two operators of a rocket launcher who allegedly shelled settlements in the Kharkiv region and two army servicemen suspected of murdering a Kyiv area resident and raping his wife.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\nThe prosecutor’s office said it had notified the individuals that they are suspects and the investigations are ongoing, adding no charges had been filed with the court. It didn’t name the suspects or provide evidence to support the allegations. It said some of the suspects were held as captives, without specifying where, while other charges were being prepared in absentia.\n\nUkraine says it is investigating some 7,600 potential war crimes and at least 500 suspects following Russia\'s Feb. 24 invasion of its neighbour. Prosecutor General Iryna Venediktova told Reuters that many of those suspects are in Russia but some have been taken captive by Ukraine as prisoners of war. Speaking in an interview earlier this month, she said that her office intends to follow the chain of command up the Russian political and military hierarchy.\n\nVenediktova added that she plans to pursue prosecutions both in Ukrainian courts as well as at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, the world’s permanent war crimes tribunal.\n\nThe Kremlin and Russia’s defence ministry didn’t respond to requests for comment. Moscow has rejected allegations by Ukraine and Western nations of war crimes and has denied targeting civilians in what the Kremlin calls a "special military operation" to demilitarise its neighbour.\n\nUkraine’s probe is at the centre of multiple efforts to investigate potential war crimes related to the conflict, including by the ICC. The probes are at the very early stages, people familiar with them say. The ICC has sent an advance team to the region to establish operations. read more\n\nMoscow has accused Kyiv of genocide against Russian speakers, which Kyiv strongly denies. Russia has also opened criminal cases into Ukrainian servicemen\'s alleged torture of their Russian counterparts. read more\n\nUkraine, which is conducting its investigation while still in the throes of war, is scrambling to assemble teams of specialists with war crimes expertise, evaluating potential crimes and developing its prosecution strategy.\n\n”You can see they are now exhuming the bodies, so [the investigation is at a] very early stage," a person familiar with the process said. In terms of strategy, Kyiv plans to prosecute as much as it can in Ukrainian courts but would likely leave any cases involving higher-ranking figures to the ICC, the person added.\n\nThe UN has also established its own inquiry into possible violations of international humanitarian law in Ukraine, including possible war crimes, which could feed into any prosecutions by the ICC.\n\nThere is also a European Union-coordinated effort to fast track sharing of evidence between various investigating authorities, including with the ICC. Several European countries have said they will apply universal jurisdiction, the legal principle that some crimes are so terrible they can be heard by foreign national courts, and their prosecutors could launch investigations into Ukrainian atrocities.\n\nFor Ukraine, the immediate challenge is the sheer volume of potential evidence and witness testimony that needs to be secured and recorded in a way that is usable in court, legal specialists say. That includes vast amounts of digital imagery as well as material gathered on the ground.\n\nDavid Schwendiman, a former U.S. federal prosecutor who has also helped prosecute war crimes committed during the Balkan wars in the 1990s, praised Ukraine’s prosecutor general as talented and courageous but said the country doesn’t have experience of an investigation of this scale and will need outside help processing potential crime scenes in a way that meets international standards.\n\n“Every one of those bodies is a crime scene. Every one of those buildings is a crime scene. Every city is a crime scene,” Schwendiman said. Something as small as a piece of cloth torn from a uniform, an ammunition shell or even a ligature used to tie someone’s hands could help identify a particular unit involved and so needs to be carefully preserved, he added.\n\nZera Kozlyieva, deputy head of the war crimes unit in the prosecutor general’s office, acknowledged that limited access due to ongoing hostilities and a shortage of war crimes specialists presented challenges. Speaking Thursday on a panel at international affairs think tank Chatham House, she said that Kyiv is seeking help from international experts.\n\nImages of dead civilians in Ukraine, including of mass graves and bodies of bound civilians shot at close range, have prompted international outrage, with U.S. President Joe Biden calling for Russian President Vladimir Putin to be investigated for war crimes. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy has accused invading Russian troops of committing "the most terrible war crimes" since World War Two.\n\nAccording to the United Nations, as of April 22 more than 2,400 civilians had been killed since the conflict began in late February. But the official count is likely to climb. In the port city of Mariupol alone, local authorities have said thousands of people have been killed. read more\n\nUnder international law, war crimes include intentionally targeting civilian populations, willfully killing or causing suffering, and widespread destruction among other serious violations of laws applicable in armed conflict. Individuals who commit such crimes can be prosecuted by international tribunals such as the ICC and by states.\n\nExperts for the Organization for Security and Cooperation and Europe (OSCE) nations said in a report published earlier this month that they found evidence of war crimes and crimes against humanity by Russia in Ukraine. The experts also said in the report that they’d found evidence of violations of international humanitarian law by Ukraine, particularly in its treatment of prisoners of war, but that Russia\'s violations "are by far larger in nature and scale."\n\nUkraine has said it checks all information regarding the treatment of prisoners of war, will investigate any violations and take appropriate legal action. Russia has said the report "is based solely on unfounded propaganda theses, contains references to dubious sources and logical stretches in the style of \'highly likely.\'"\n\nUKRAINE’S PROBE\n\nThe prosecutor general’s office had in recent years established a special unit to investigate potential crimes in Crimea, which Russia annexed in 2014 but Kyiv continues to claim as part of Ukraine, and Donbas.\n\nMoscow’s February invasion of its Western neighbour forced Kyiv to scale up what had been a relatively small team of prosecutors.\n\nVenediktova and her team have in recent weeks been evaluating sites where atrocities have taken place, including where Russian troops have recently withdrawn.\n\nOn April 12, Venediktova visited Bucha, near Kyiv, where French forensic experts had arrived to help Ukraine authorities establish what happened in the town where hundreds of bodies have been discovered. As the group from the French Gendarmerie\'s forensic science department looked on, workers in hazmat suits dug earth from a shallow grave and lifted out a heavy mass wrapped in an orange blanket. Citing witnesses, Venediktova said during the visit that the burnt body parts inside were those of a woman and her two children. read more\n\nRussia has said that images and footage of dead bodies strewn across Bucha were fake.\n\nVenediktova is also drawing on international legal expertise and seeking technical assistance. She has announced the formation of a task force of law firms and prominent international human rights lawyers, including Amal Clooney, to advise on securing accountability for Ukrainian victims in national jurisdictions as well as strategic guidance on cooperating with the ICC.\n\nVenediktova is in regular contact with Beth Van Schaack, Ambassador-at-Large for Global Criminal Justice in the U.S. State Department, who said the two have discussed what additional assistance Washington could provide. Van Schaack’s office has been helping to deploy specialists on the ground via a joint U.S.-European project.\n\nVan Schaack told Reuters that Venediktova’s requests for assistance include forensics expertise, such as helping determine how victims found in mass graves died and whether potential signs of torture were inflicted prior to death. Other requests include help identifying the type and origins of particular ballistics used as well as assistance clearing any mines left by Russians so that her investigators can safely access those areas.\n\nUkraine’s potentially biggest challenge, said Van Schaack, will be gaining custody of suspects, particularly those higher up the command chain. If they remain in Russia, they may “enjoy impunity for the rest of their days,” she said.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\nReporting by Anthony Deutsch in Amsterdam; additional reporting by Alessandra Prentice in Bucha, Pavel Polityuk in Kyiv, Max Hunder in London, Stephanie van den Berg in The Hague and Simon Lewis in Washington. Editing by Cassell Bryan-Low\n\nOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.', 'image': 'https://www.reuters.com/resizer/nDq-7CBfe_p85rog7ifJuxAmTCU=/1200x628/smart/filters:quality(80)/cloudfront-us-east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/AGSA2XYTQBKLTF6P7WL2RRRWUI.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:57'}
{'title': "At defence talks in Germany, U.S. says world galvanized against Russia's invasion", 'keywords': ['russias', 'ukraines', 'galvanized', 'states', 'invasion', 'ukrainian', 'weapons', 'defence', 'united', 'secretary', 'austin', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0622, 'subjectivity': 0.3479, 'link': 'https://www.reuters.com/world/us-hosts-ukraine-talks-germany-war-enters-critical-phase-2022-04-25/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:27', 'summary': 'Ukrainian Presidential Press Service/Handout via REUTERS/File PhotoRAMSTEIN AIR BASE, Germany, April 26 (Reuters) - The United States said the world was galvanized against Russia\'s two-month-old invasion of Ukraine as it hosted more than 40 countries for defence talks in Germany that sought to speed and synchronize the delivery of arms to Kyiv.\n"As we see this morning, nations from around the world stand united in our resolve to support Ukraine in its fight against Russia\'s imperial aggression," Austin said at the start of talks.\nGermany, for the first time, announced the delivery of heavy weapons to Ukraine.\nA large number of modern heavy weapons," Ukrainian Defence Minister Oleksii Reznikov said on Twitter after the talks.\nRussia\'s Feb. 24 invasion of Ukraine has claimed thousands of lives, displaced millions of people and raised fears of a wider confrontation between Russia and the United States - by far the world\'s two biggest nuclear powers.', 'channel': 'reuters.com', 'text': 'Ukraine\'s President Volodymyr Zelenskiy poses for a picture with U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken and U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin before a meeting, as Russia\'s attack on Ukraine continues, in Kyiv, Ukraine April 24, 2022. Ukrainian Presidential Press Service/Handout via REUTERS/File Photo\n\nRAMSTEIN AIR BASE, Germany, April 26 (Reuters) - The United States said the world was galvanized against Russia\'s two-month-old invasion of Ukraine as it hosted more than 40 countries for defence talks in Germany that sought to speed and synchronize the delivery of arms to Kyiv.\n\nU.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin hosted the event at Ramstein Air Base following a trip to Kyiv where he pledged additional military support to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy\'s war effort, which is at a crossroads.\n\n"As we see this morning, nations from around the world stand united in our resolve to support Ukraine in its fight against Russia\'s imperial aggression," Austin said at the start of talks.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\n"Ukraine clearly believes that it can win, and so does everyone here."\n\nU.S. Army General Mark Milley, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, cautioned that Ukraine needed more security assistance to help defend against an unfolding and potentially decisive Russian onslaught in the east.\n\nHe said the coming weeks were "critical."\n\n"Time is not on Ukraine\'s side," Milley said during closed-door remarks provided to reporters traveling with him. "The outcome of this battle, right here, today, is dependent on the people in this room."\n\nMilley added: "The Ukrainians will fight. We need to make sure they have the means to fight."\n\nDriven back by Ukrainian forces from a failed assault on Kyiv in the north, Moscow has redeployed troops into the east for a ground offensive in two provinces known as the Donbas.\n\nU.S. officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, assess that Russia will rely heavily on artillery strikes, trying to pound Ukrainian positions as Moscow moves in ground forces from several directions to try to envelop and wipe out a significant chunk of Ukraine\'s military.\n\nBut the United States also estimates many Russian units are depleted, with some operating with personnel losses as high as 30% - a level considered by the U.S. military to be too high to keep fighting, officials say.\n\nU.S. officials cite anecdotes like Russian tanks with sole drivers and no crew and substandard equipment that is either prone to breakdowns or out of date.\n\nBritish assessments showed that about 15,000 Russian personnel had been killed in the conflict while 2,000 armored vehicles including some 530 tanks had been destroyed, along with 60 helicopters and fighter jets, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said on Monday.\n\nRussia has so far acknowledged only 1,351 troops killed and 3,825 wounded.\n\nRussia still has advanced capabilities and superior force numbers, and has shown a willingness to keep pouring soldiers and units into the fight, U.S. officials said.\n\nMoscow can also economically afford to wage a long war in Ukraine despite being hammered by Western sanctions, defence experts and economists said. read more\n\nFor its part, Ukraine boasts high morale, creative and adaptive battlefield tactics and local knowledge of the terrain, along with arms and intelligence from the United States and its allies.\n\n"They definitely stand a fighting chance," a U.S. military official said, speaking on condition of anonymity.\n\nThe meeting is taking place at Ramstein, a sprawling air base southwest of Frankfurt which only months ago was grappling with an influx of Afghan evacuees after the Taliban takeover of that country last year.\n\nOrganizers said over 40 countries were attending and a scan of the meeting room showed countries mainly from Europe but also beyond, including Israel, Kenya and Australia. On a screen, representatives from South Korea and Japan attended virtually.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said.\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said at a news conference that the forum would continue as a monthly "contact group" that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\nGermany, for the first time, announced the delivery of heavy weapons to Ukraine. "We decided yesterday that Germany will facilitate the delivery of Gepard self-propelled anti-aircraft guns to Ukraine," German Defence Minister Christine Lambrecht said at Ramstein, according to the script of her speech.\n\nUkraine is calling for everything from artillery, drones and tanks to anti-ship missiles and combat aircraft.\n\n"We need weapons. Modern weapons. A large number of modern heavy weapons," Ukrainian Defence Minister Oleksii Reznikov said on Twitter after the talks.\n\nRussia\'s Feb. 24 invasion of Ukraine has claimed thousands of lives, displaced millions of people and raised fears of a wider confrontation between Russia and the United States - by far the world\'s two biggest nuclear powers.\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin says the "special military operation" in Ukraine is necessary because the United States was using Ukraine to threaten Russia and Ukraine was guilty of the genocide of Russian-speaking people.\n\nUkraine says it is fighting a land grab by Russia and that Putin\'s accusations of genocide are nonsense.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\nReporting by Phil Stewart; Additional reporting by Sabine Siebold in Berlin; Editing by William Maclean, Chizu Nomiyama and Howard Goller\n\nOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.', 'image': 'https://www.reuters.com/resizer/QQ1Fq0o8jlsjJwQ8POvPygnoc9Y=/1200x628/smart/filters:quality(80)/cloudfront-us-east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/6CCP4K7G2ROGFECRXSTDVA3SCQ.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:27'}
{'title': "US says diplomats to return to Kyiv, as 'Russia has already failed' in war aims", 'keywords': ['ukraines', 'kyiv', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'russian', 'oil', 'weapons', 'systems', 'diplomats'], 'polarity': 0.0648, 'subjectivity': 0.3544, 'link': 'https://bdnews24.com/world/2022/04/25/us-says-diplomats-to-return-to-kyiv-as-russia-has-already-failed-in-war-aims', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:37', 'summary': '"In terms of Russia’s war aims, Russia has already failed and Ukraine has already succeeded," Blinken told a briefing in Poland after the two officials returned.\nBlinken said US diplomats would first return to Lviv in the west and should be back in Kyiv within weeks.\nBut despite Ukraine having repelled the assault on Kyiv, the war is far from over.\nThe United States and NATO allies have shown growing readiness to supply heavier equipment and more advanced weapons systems.\nWAR GRINDS ONThe relative calm in Kyiv is a contrast with the south and east of the country, where the war grinds on relentlessly.', 'channel': 'bdnews24.com', 'text': 'Both men said the fact they were able to come to Kyiv was proof of Ukraine\'s tenacity in forcing Moscow to abandon an assault on the capital last month, and promised more aid to fend off Russian troops now attempting an advance in the east.\n\n"What you\'ve done in repelling the Russians in the battle of Kyiv is extraordinary and inspiring quite frankly to the rest of the world," Austin told President Volodymyr Zelensky at a meeting overnight, after a train journey from Poland. "We are here to support you in any way possible."\n\nSaid Blinken: "The reason we\'re back is because of you, because of the extraordinary courage, leadership and success that you\'ve had in pushing back this horrific Russian aggression."\n\nUS officials said they pledged new assistance worth $713 million for Zelensky\'s government and other countries in the region. An extra $322 million in military aid for Ukraine would take total US security assistance since the invasion to about $3.7 billion, one official said.\n\n"It will provide support for capabilities Ukraine needs, especially the fight in the Donbas," the official said. It would also help Ukraine\'s armed forces transition to more advanced weapons and air defence systems -- essentially NATO capable systems, the official added on condition of anonymity.\n\nWestern arms for Ukraine have infuriated Moscow. Russia\'s ambassador in Washington said Moscow had sent a diplomatic note stressing "the unacceptability of this situation when the United States of America pours weapons into Ukraine, and we demanded an end to this practice".\n\nThe meeting between the US delegation and Ukraine\'s leaders ran for three hours, or more than double the allotted time, a US official said.\n\n"In terms of Russia’s war aims, Russia has already failed and Ukraine has already succeeded," Blinken told a briefing in Poland after the two officials returned.\n\nRussia has always denied intending to overthrow Ukraine\'s government. Western countries say that was its aim from the outset but it failed in the face of Ukrainian resistance.\n\nJust weeks ago, Kyiv was a frontline city under curfew and bombardment, with tens of thousands of Russian troops massing on its northern outskirts. Residents spent nights huddled in its metro stations, sheltering from artillery.\n\nToday, the nearest Russian troops are hundreds of miles away, normal life is returning to the capital, Western leaders have been visiting and countries are reopening their embassies.\n\nBlinken said US diplomats would first return to Lviv in the west and should be back in Kyiv within weeks.\n\nBut despite Ukraine having repelled the assault on Kyiv, the war is far from over. Russia has regrouped its forces and sent more troops in to eastern Ukraine. Last week it launched a massive assault there in an attempt to capture eastern provinces known as the Donbas.\n\nRAILWAY STATIONS HIT\n\nFive railway stations came under fire in western and central Ukraine on Monday, causing an unspecified number of casualties, Ukrainian television quoted state-run Ukrainian Railways as saying. Oleksander Kamyshin, the company\'s chief, said the attacks took place in the space of an hour.\n\nAll of the country was placed under an unusually long air raid warning for two hours on Monday morning.\n\nAcross the border in Russia\'s Bryansk region near eastern Ukraine, authorities were battling a huge blaze at an oil depot. There was no immediate indication that the fire was connected to the war, but Russia accused Ukraine of a helicopter attack in that area last week.\n\nBefore the US officials\' visit, Ukraine had drawn up a list of weapons urgently needed from the United States, such as anti-missile systems, anti-aircraft systems, armoured vehicles and tanks, Zelensky aide Igor Zhovkva told NBC News on Sunday.\n\nThe United States and NATO allies have shown growing readiness to supply heavier equipment and more advanced weapons systems. Britain has promised to send military vehicles and is considering supplying British tanks to Poland to free up Warsaw\'s Russian-designed T-72s for Ukraine.\n\nIn a daily update on the conflict, Britain\'s defence ministry said Russia had only made minor advances in some parts of Donbas.\n\n"Without sufficient logistical and combat support enablers in place, Russia has yet to achieve a significant breakthrough," it said.\n\nIn an emotional address at Kyiv\'s 1,000-year-old Saint Sophia Cathedral to mark the Orthodox Christian Easter on Sunday, Zelensky said his nation would overcome "dark times".\n\nWAR GRINDS ON\n\nThe relative calm in Kyiv is a contrast with the south and east of the country, where the war grinds on relentlessly.\n\nSome 320 km (200 miles) southeast of Kyiv, Russian missile strikes on an oil refinery and power plant in Kremenchuk killed one person and wounded seven, the governor of the Poltava region said. Moscow said it had destroyed oil production facilities there.\n\nRussia also fired rockets at two towns in the central Vinnytsia region, causing an unspecified number of deaths and injuries, regional Governor Serhiy Borzov reported.\n\nUkraine\'s general staff described Russian shelling and assaults along most of the front in the east, including missile and bomb attacks on a huge steel works in Mariupol where the last Ukrainian defenders are holed up in a city destroyed during two months of Russian siege and bombardment.\n\nMoscow, which describes its actions in Ukraine as a "special military operation", denies targeting civilians.\n\nThe European Union is preparing "smart sanctions" against Russian oil imports, possibly some form of oil embargo, Britain\'s The Times newspaper reported on Monday, citing the European Commission\'s executive vice president, Valdis Dombrovskis.', 'image': 'https://d30fl32nd2baj9.cloudfront.net/media/2022/04/25/zelensky-blinken-loyed-240422-01-smr.jpg/BINARY/zelensky-blinken-loyed-240422-01-smr.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:37'}
{'title': "UK's Johnson says Putin has room to withdraw from Ukraine", 'keywords': ['british', 'britain', 'withdraw', 'room', 'minister', 'ukraine', 'johnson', 'russia', 'using', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.1625, 'subjectivity': 0.4164, 'link': 'https://www.reuters.com/world/uk/uks-johnson-does-not-expect-putin-use-tactical-nuclear-weapons-2022-04-26/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:23', 'summary': 'British Prime Minister Boris Johnson looks on during a visit to Bury FC at their ground in Gigg Lane, Bury, Greater Manchester, Britain April 25, 2022.\nDanny Lawson/Pool via REUTERSLONDON, April 26 (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Boris Johnson said on Tuesday he did not expect any further Russian military failures in Ukraine to push President Vladimir Putin into using tactical nuclear weapons there, saying he had room to manoeuvre and end the conflict.\nAsked by Talk TV if he expected Putin to consider using tactical nuclear weapons if he suffered more military failures in Ukraine, he said: "No, I don\'t."\nAsked about the row, Johnson said Ukrainians had a right to protect themselves, but added that Britain did not want the crisis to escalate beyond Ukraine\'s borders.\nHe also said his government would do whatever it could to help two British fighters captured in Ukraine, but that any prisoner swap would be a decision for Kyiv.', 'channel': 'reuters.com', 'text': 'British Prime Minister Boris Johnson looks on during a visit to Bury FC at their ground in Gigg Lane, Bury, Greater Manchester, Britain April 25, 2022. Danny Lawson/Pool via REUTERS\n\nLONDON, April 26 (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Boris Johnson said on Tuesday he did not expect any further Russian military failures in Ukraine to push President Vladimir Putin into using tactical nuclear weapons there, saying he had room to manoeuvre and end the conflict.\n\nAsked by Talk TV if he expected Putin to consider using tactical nuclear weapons if he suffered more military failures in Ukraine, he said: "No, I don\'t."\n\n"Given the massive Russian backing for what he is doing, given the apparent obliviousness of the Russian media about what is really happening in Ukraine, the paradox is that Putin has far more political space to back down, to withdraw," he said.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\nJohnson was also asked about a spat between Moscow and London, after Russia warned Britain on Tuesday of an immediate "proportional response" if Britain continued to provoke Ukraine into striking targets in Russia. read more\n\nRussia\'s defence ministry cited statements from Britain\'s armed forces minister James Heappey who told BBC radio that it was entirely legitimate for Ukraine to hunt targets in the depths of Russia to disrupt logistics and supply lines.\n\nAsked about the row, Johnson said Ukrainians had a right to protect themselves, but added that Britain did not want the crisis to escalate beyond Ukraine\'s borders.\n\nHe also said his government would do whatever it could to help two British fighters captured in Ukraine, but that any prisoner swap would be a decision for Kyiv. He added that Facebook had agreed to take down a video that showed the fighters.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\nReporting by Kate Holton Editing by Chris Reese, Bernard Orr\n\nOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.', 'image': 'https://www.reuters.com/resizer/1aP6c81tVHaFAJs8qWd4vY9WcME=/1200x628/smart/filters:quality(80)/cloudfront-us-east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/RTAEHFG6LZOZPLCUXUYOMDXDSI.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:23'}

{'title': 'Boris Johnson Urged to Help Free British Fighters Captured in Ukraine', 'keywords': ['war', 'help', 'ukrainian', 'captured', 'johnson', 'prisoners', 'aslin', 'fighters', 'told', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0022, 'subjectivity': 0.161, 'link': 'https://www.theepochtimes.com/boris-johnson-urged-to-help-free-british-fighters-captured-in-ukraine_4427726.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:33', 'summary': 'Boris Johnson Urged to Help Free British Fighters Captured in UkraineBritish Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been urged to help free two British nationals who were captured by Russia when fighting in Mariupol.\nThe families said they have both been in Ukraine since 2018, long before the Russian invasion of the eastern European country.\nIt is between Ukraine and Russia,” Nathan Aslin told TalkTV.\nAnd it’s a moral obligation to do something about it.”Angela Aslin added: “I would like to hope that Boris will help.\nForeign Office minister James Cleverly on Tuesday confirmed that Aslin and Pinner should be treated as prisoners of war.', 'channel': 'theepochtimes.com', 'text': 'Boris Johnson Urged to Help Free British Fighters Captured in Ukraine\n\nBritish Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been urged to help free two British nationals who were captured by Russia when fighting in Mariupol.\n\nThe family of Aiden Aslin told a British TV broadcaster on Monday that they hope Johnson will help and have something “sorted out” so the 28-year-old and his fellow Briton, 48-year-old Shaun Pinner, can be returned to their families.\n\nThe UK government said it’s in touch with the two families to support them. It also condemned the exploitation of prisoners of war for political purposes and called for anyone detained to be treated humanely in accordance with the requirements of international humanitarian law.\n\nAslin, originally from Newark-on-Trent, Nottinghamshire, north England, and Pinner, originally from Bedfordshire, east England, are both members of the Ukrainian armed forces. The families said they have both been in Ukraine since 2018, long before the Russian invasion of the eastern European country.\n\nThe pair were captured earlier this month after their unit had to surrender after 48 days of defending Mariupol as they were “running out of ammunition.”\n\nThey later appeared on Russian state TV, asking Johnson to help exchange for them with Viktor Medvedchuk, a pro-Russian Ukrainian politician who was arrested by the Ukrainian secret services on April 12. It’s not clear if they were under duress.\n\nBoth appeared to have bruises and Aslin appeared to have been beaten. Their families later said they were in contact with the UK’s Foreign Office to ensure the Russian authorities “meet their obligations to prisoners of war under international law.”\n\nRussia’s foreign ministry on April 21 said “the Russian side [was] taking care of them,” and they were “fed, watered, and given the necessary assistance. Just like other foreigners who have surrendered or been detained.”\n\nA Russian national flag flies by destroyed buildings in Mariupol, Ukraine, on April 12, 2022. (Alexander Nemenov/AFP via Getty Images)\n\nThe UK government advises against reporting on specific individuals as this may impact their safety. The International Committee of the Red Cross also recommends not publishing images that identify prisoners of war, or show them in humiliating or degrading situations unless there’s a “compelling public interest” in doing so in accordance with the Geneva Convention.\n\nBut Aslin’s mother Angela and his brother Nathan spoke to TalkTV on Monday, pleading for Johnson’s help. Pinner’s family also previously released a statement through the FCDO, rebuking Russian media’s characterisation of foreign fighters in the Ukrainian military as “mercenaries.”\n\n“I would hope that, at some point, there will be a prisoner swap. However, it’s out of my hands. It is between Ukraine and Russia,” Nathan Aslin told TalkTV.\n\nOutlining his recent phone conversation with his brother, Nathan Aslin told the broadcaster, “It was obvious that he was with the Russian people that were holding him and he was asking for me to contact Boris [Johnson] to get this prison swap done. And to keep on asking for this swap.”\n\nAsked what he would say to the prime minister, Nathan said: “Act now when you got the time to act. You’ve got two British citizens on the line, being forced to say whatever the Russians are putting in [their] mouths at gunpoint, whether they show it on the camera or not. And it’s a moral obligation to do something about it.”\n\nAngela Aslin added: “I would like to hope that Boris will help. And talk to the Ukraine government [and] embassy. There can be something sorted out so that these two guys can come home.”\n\nAslin moved to Ukraine in 2018 with his Ukrainian fiancée and now holds British and Ukrainian citizenship. He previously fought the ISIS terrorist group with Kurdish militia People’s Defense Units in Syria and northern Iraq.\n\nPinner’s family previously said that the former British Army soldier decided to relocate to Ukraine in 2019 “to use his previous experience and training within the Ukraine military.”\n\nThe statement said Pinner “enjoyed the Ukrainian way of life and considered Ukraine as his adopted country” where he also met his Ukrainian wife.\n\nForeign Office minister James Cleverly on Tuesday confirmed that Aslin and Pinner should be treated as prisoners of war.\n\nAsked about the pair by Aslin’s local MP—former housing minister Robert Jenrick—Cleverly told Parliament he had discussed the issue of foreign volunteer fighters with the Ukrainian government.\n\n“They are clear, and we are clear, that those fighting under the Ukrainian flag for the Ukrainian armed forces in the defence of Ukraine should be treated as Ukrainian military and as prisoners of war, with all the protections that the international humanitarian law affords to those individuals,” Cleverly said.\n\nThe UK government advises against all travel to Ukraine.', 'image': 'https://img.theepochtimes.com/assets/uploads/2022/04/1.2.66462486.jpg-1200x800.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:33'}
{'title': 'Day 62 of the Invasion of Ukraine: Nuclear Threat, New Attacks and Casualties, More Aid to Kyiv', 'keywords': ['war', 'threat', 'president', 'kyiv', 'aid', 'invasion', 'ukrainian', 'region', 'ukraine', 'russian', 'world', 'russia', 'talks', 'attacks', 'day', 'nuclear', 'casualties'], 'polarity': 0.0427, 'subjectivity': 0.1743, 'link': 'https://www.novinite.com/articles/214866/Day+62+of+the+Invasion+of+Ukraine%3A+Nuclear+Threat%2C+New+Attacks+and+Casualties%2C+More+Aid+to+Kyiv', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:25', 'summary': 'Nuclear threat and World War III, new attacks and casualties, more aid to Kyiv.\nThe US wants a "weakened" RussiaUS Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin hopes the war in Ukraine will make it difficult for the Russian military.\nRussia warns of real danger from World War IIIRussian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has warned that there is a "real" danger of an outbreak of World War III as a result of the conflict in Ukraine.\nPeace talks to continuePeace talks with Ukraine will continue, Lavrov added.\nSeveral European countries have also reopened their embassies in Kyiv after Russia withdrew its troops from the region.', 'channel': 'novinite.com', 'text': 'Nuclear threat and World War III, new attacks and casualties, more aid to Kyiv. Here are the highlights of events in Ukraine over the past 24 hours:\n\nFive victims of attacks on railway stations\n\nAt least five people have been killed and 18 injured in Russian missile strikes at five railway stations in central Ukraine\'s Vinnytsia region, the Ukrainian Prosecutor General\'s Office said.\n\nThe US wants a "weakened" Russia\n\nUS Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin hopes the war in Ukraine will make it difficult for the Russian military. "We want to see Russia weakened to the point that it cannot do the things it did during the invasion of Ukraine," he said after a visit to Kyiv with Secretary of State Antony Blinken. Ukraine can win the war if it has the "right equipment", he added.\n\nAustin and Blinken pledged 0 million in additional military aid during their visit.\n\nRussia warns of real danger from World War III\n\nRussian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has warned that there is a "real" danger of an outbreak of World War III as a result of the conflict in Ukraine. "The danger is serious, it\'s real, you can\'t underestimate it," he told Interfax.\n\nPeace talks to continue\n\nPeace talks with Ukraine will continue, Lavrov added. He criticized Kyiv\'s approach to the talks and accused President Volodymyr Zelensky of "pretending" to negotiate. "Goodwill has its limits. But if it is not reciprocal, it does not help the negotiation process," he said.\n\nUS ambassadors and consuls will return to Kyiv\n\nBlinken confirmed that US diplomats withdrawn from Ukraine at the start of the Russian invasion would gradually return to Kyiv. US President Joe Biden has nominated Foreign Service Officer Bridget Brink as the next US ambassador.\n\nSeveral European countries have also reopened their embassies in Kyiv after Russia withdrew its troops from the region.\n\nThere is no deal for Mariupol\n\nThe Russian military says Kyiv has prevented the evacuation of civilians from Mariupol\'s Azovstal steel plant, where Ukrainian forces have barricaded themselves in the besieged port city, despite announcing a unilateral ceasefire. According to Ukraine, however, Moscow has not agreed to its request to evacuate wounded soldiers and civilians.\n\nPutin congratulated Macron\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin has congratulated French President Emmanuel Macron on his victory over far-right candidate Marin Le Pen, who is considered closer to Moscow.\n\nICC joins investigation into crimes in Ukraine\n\nThe Attorney General of the International Criminal Court will join the EU investigation team to investigate possible international crimes committed in Ukraine. This is the first time that its representatives have participated in a joint international investigation.\n\nExpelled German diplomats\n\nMoscow expelled 40 German diplomats after Berlin declared 40 Russian diplomats persona non grata earlier this month.\n\nBritish missiles against Russia\n\nThe Minister of Defense of the United Kingdom Ben Wallace assured that London will send to Ukraine armored vehicles that can fire missiles at Russian warplanes.\n\nRussia claims to have shot down Ukrainian drones\n\nThe governor of Russia\'s Kursk region, which borders Ukraine, said Russian forces had shot down two Ukrainian drones near the border between the two countries, in the Rylsk region of Kursk. Two people were injured in a village in Russia\'s Belgorod region as a result of Ukrainian strikes, the village mayor said.\n\n5.2 million refugees\n\nMore than 5.2 million Ukrainians have fled their country since Russia launched its invasion two months ago. More than 45,000 have left in the last 24 hours, the UN said.\n\nFollow Novinite.com on Twitter and Facebook\n\nWrite to us at editors@novinite.com\n\nИнформирайте се на Български - Novinite.bg\n\n/BGNES', 'image': 'https://www.novinite.com/media/images/2022-04/photo_verybig_214866.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:25'}
{'title': "'Breach of rights' Boris Johnson rages at Putin parading UK hostages captured in Ukraine", 'keywords': ['putin', 'aiden', 'rages', 'ukraine', 'captured', 'johnson', 'breach', 'russia', 'parading', 'prisoners', 'rights', 'aslin', 'prime', 'hostages'], 'polarity': 0.009, 'subjectivity': 0.1755, 'link': 'https://www.express.co.uk/news/politics/1601507/Boris-Johnson-latest-Ukraine-news-Aiden-Aslin-Russia-war-Vladimir-Putin-latest-vn', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:05', 'summary': 'Boris Johnson: UK hostages should not be paradedfree Ukrainians in the UK email for updates, changes and news SUBSCRIBE Invalid email Get ourUkrainians in the UK email for updates, changes and news We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you\'ve consented to and to improve our understanding of you.\nMore infoThe Prime Minister has lashed out at the Russian treatment of two captured British men Aiden Aslin, 28, and Shaun Pinner, 48 in Ukraine.\nBoris Johnson slammed the Russian military for treating the two prisoners as hostages after they were captured during the battle for the city of Mariupol.\n"They are prisoners of war and they are therefore entitled to rights under the Geneva Convention.\n"They should not be made to give hostage videos that is a breach of their rights as prisoners of war."', 'channel': 'express.co.uk', 'text': 'Boris Johnson: UK hostages should not be paraded\n\nfree Ukrainians in the UK email for updates, changes and news SUBSCRIBE Invalid email Get ourUkrainians in the UK email for updates, changes and news We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you\'ve consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. More info\n\nThe Prime Minister has lashed out at the Russian treatment of two captured British men Aiden Aslin, 28, and Shaun Pinner, 48 in Ukraine. Boris Johnson slammed the Russian military for treating the two prisoners as hostages after they were captured during the battle for the city of Mariupol.\n\nMr Johnson told TalkTV: "Aiden and other UK nationals who have been fighting for the Ukrainian Armed Forces who get captured are not hostages, they\'re not there to be swapped, you know, as though they were terrorists or whatever. "They are prisoners of war and they are therefore entitled to rights under the Geneva Convention. "They should not under the laws of war be paraded in front of the cameras. "They should not be made to give hostage videos that is a breach of their rights as prisoners of war." JUST IN: \'Putin on brink: Exiled oligarch says next round of sanctions to deliver \'serious blow\n\nBoris Johnson speaks on UK hostages in Russia, saying ‘they should not be paraded in front of the ca\n\nBoris Johnson spoke out over treatment of Aiden Aslin and fellow Briton Shaun Pinner\n\nFacebook is to take down a video of captured British soldier Aiden Aslin being taunted with the death penalty, Prime Minister Boris Johnson has said. Mr Aslin was captured while fighting with Ukrainian armed forces against Russia. Mr Johnson said the removal comes after Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries spoke to Sir Nick Clegg, vice president of global affairs at Facebook\'s parent company Meta and the UK\'s former Deputy Prime Minister. Mr Johnson told TalkTV: "Nadine Dorries rang Facebook earlier today, she rang Nick Clegg, and as I understand the matter Nick has agreed to take that down."\n\nUkraine\'s war with Russia could be \'extremely long\' says expert\n\nTrending\n\nRussia versus Ukraine mapped', 'image': 'https://cdn.images.express.co.uk/img/dynamic/139/1200x712/1601507_1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:05'}
{'title': "‘They'd probably all die': Analysts Doubt Russian Push Toward Separatist Transnistria", 'keywords': ['doubt', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'city', 'forces', 'according', 'southern', 'military', 'russian'], 'polarity': -0.0043, 'subjectivity': 0.1906, 'link': 'https://www.themoscowtimes.com/2022/04/26/theyd-probably-all-die-analysts-doubt-russian-push-toward-separatist-transnistria-a77498', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:21', 'summary': 'There are between 7,000 and 11,000 Russian soldiers deployed around Kherson, according to analysts.\nMinnekayev does not lead operations in southern Ukraine and is not the figure you would expect to lay out Russia’s military goals there, he added.\nIn particular, Russia appears to have stepped up attacks on targets in and around the southern city of Odesa.\nA Russian missile attack Tuesday destroyed a bridge over the Dniester estuary to the west of Odesa, according to Ukrainian officials.\nRescuers clear debris in a damaged building in Odessa, southern Ukraine on April 24, 2022, which was reportedly hit by missile strike.', 'channel': 'themoscowtimes.com', 'text': 'Fears rose Tuesday that Moscow could order a military push through south-west Ukraine following Russian airstrikes on infrastructure near the Black Sea coast and a series of blasts in the Moscow-backed separatist region of Transnistria on Ukraine\'s western border. The military developments followed hints from a Russian general about an attempt to link up with Transnistrian forces, and cutting-off Kyiv’s access to the southern part of the country. But military experts warn that – even if it exists – such a Russian plan is unlikely to be feasible in the immediate future given logistical difficulties and the Kremlin’s concentration of men and equipment in eastern Ukraine. “The chances of them breaking out and fighting through to Odesa and Transnistria are slim,” said Sam Cranny-Evans, a military analyst at the London-based Royal United Services Institute think-tank. “They’d probably all die if they tried.” Instead, Russian forces are currently focused on striking north from the port city of Mariupol and south from the strategic town Izyum, in an attempt to encircle Ukrainian troops in the east of the country. The so-called “battle for Donbas” could be long and arduous, according to analysts, leaving Moscow few options if it was mulling a push out of the Russian-occupied city of Kherson in the direction of Moldova. A strip of land home to about 470,000 people, the Moldovan separatist region of Transnistria is sandwiched between Moldova and Ukraine, and has been under the control of separatist authorities since a 1992 war. Russia bases about 1,500 troops there, which it refers to as peacekeepers.\n\nA fire engine is pictured outside the Ministry for State Security of Transnistria that was shelled from hand-held grenade launchers on April 25. Transnistria\'s Interior Ministry\n\n“If you look at Kherson… there aren\'t many troops compared to Izyum where there\'s potentially 25,000 pushing south,” Cranny-Evans told The Moscow Times. There are between 7,000 and 11,000 Russian soldiers deployed around Kherson, according to analysts. Transnistria is about 300 kilometers from Kherson. “The plan remains to take [the eastern Ukrainian regions of] Donetsk and Luhansk and to hold on to the southern territories Russia has taken so far,\'\' said Dmitry Gorenburg, a researcher on Russian security at the Virginia-based CNA think tank. Speculation about a Russian push through south-western Ukraine began Friday, when General Rustam Minnekayev, the deputy commander of Russia\'s central military district, said that "control over the south of Ukraine is another way out to Transnistria, where there are also facts of oppression of the Russian-speaking population.” This was followed Monday by explosions at the headquarters of Transnistria’s security services, and blasts Tuesday at two Transnistrian radio towers. The Moldovan authorities said Tuesday that the attacks were a “pretext” for stirring tensions in the region. Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told reporters that Moscow was following the situation in Transnistria closely, and expressed "concern" at the violence. Yet, despite these events, analysts said Russia was unlikely to launch an attack westward in an attempt to link up with the Russian forces based in the separatist region, and that Minnekayev was more likely setting out what Russia hopes may one day be possible.\n\nAn antenna of the Transnistrian Radio and TV Centre has collapsed after an explosion in the village of Mayak, Grigoriopol District. Transnistria\'s Interior Ministry / TASS\n\n“This was a statement to encourage the troops, rather than… revised Russian war aims,” said Gorenburg. Minnekayev does not lead operations in southern Ukraine and is not the figure you would expect to lay out Russia’s military goals there, he added. To even begin considering a breakout to the west, Russia would need to first utilize the superiority it has in air and naval forces. The sinking of the Moskva missile cruiser, the flagship of Russia’s Black Sea fleet, earlier this month has led to a more cautious approach from the Russian navy, according to Gorenburg. Instead, Russia is slowly asserting its dominance in the air. “Russian air force sorties are up 150% over the last week, about 300 a day, and that will just be unrelenting for the Ukrainians,” Cranny-Evans said. In particular, Russia appears to have stepped up attacks on targets in and around the southern city of Odesa. A Russian missile attack Tuesday destroyed a bridge over the Dniester estuary to the west of Odesa, according to Ukrainian officials. There were also several missile attacks on the port city Sunday, at least one of which resulted in civilian casualties. These strikes could be part of a wider Russian plan to herd Ukrainian forces into smaller pockets and cut-off their supply lines, leading to long-term shortages of food, ammunition and air defense equipment, according to Cranny-Evans.\n\nRescuers clear debris in a damaged building in Odessa, southern Ukraine on April 24, 2022, which was reportedly hit by missile strike. A Russian strike on a residential building on April 23, 2022 has killed eight people, including a baby, and wounded at least 18 others in Ukraine\'s Black Sea city of Odessa, Kyiv says. Oleksandr GIMANOV / AFP', 'image': 'https://static.themoscowtimes.com/image/1360/84/000_328Y6ZY.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:21'}
{'title': 'Early Edition: April 25, 2022', 'keywords': ['reports', 'president', 'yesterday', 'washington', 'ukrainian', 'report', 'ukraine', 'according', 'york', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0365, 'subjectivity': 0.2186, 'link': 'https://www.justsecurity.org/81255/early-edition-25-april-2022/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=rss&utm_campaign=early-edition-25-april-2022', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:03', 'summary': 'by Emma SnellSignup to receive the Early Edition in your inbox here.\nNine Russian missiles struck infrastructure in Kremenchuk, an industrial city in central Ukraine, yesterday according to a regional leader.\nAlina Kabaeva, the woman the U.S. government believes to be Russian President Vladimir Putin’s girlfriend, has been spared sanctions in a last-minute decision.\nTop Ukrainian officials yesterday expressed disapproval of U.N. Secretary-General António Guterres’ planned meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Tuesday.\nIgor Zhovkva, deputy head of the officer of Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, told NBC in an interview that Guterres is “not really” authorized to speak on behalf of the Ukrainian government.', 'channel': 'justsecurity.org', 'text': 'by Emma Snell\n\nSignup to receive the Early Edition in your inbox here.\n\nA curated weekday guide to major national security news and developments over the past 24 hours. Here’s today’s news.\n\nRUSSIA, UKRAINE – FIGHTING\n\nRussia has made small advances after beginning to focus on the full occupation of the Donbas region, but the lack of resources and combat support is making it hard for the Russian troops to occupy the region, the U.K. Defense Ministry has said in an intelligence update. Russia’s Ministry of Defense has proposed that the military handle payments to families of deceased soldiers, suggesting that Russia is trying to hide the extensive war losses from its own population, the update added. Ayumi Fujimoto reports for NBC News.\n\nFive train stations in central and western Ukraine came under Russian fire this morning, delaying train services, Oleksandr Kamyshim chairman of Ukrainian Railways said in a Telegram post. Julian Duplain reports for the Washington Post.\n\nRussia has said that it would investigate the cause of a large fire that erupted in the early hours of the morning at an oil storage facility in the city of Bryansk 96 miles northeast of the border with Ukraine. The ministry said in a statement that the fire had broken out at a facility owned by oil pipeline company Transneft at 0200 local time (1800 EST) and that there had been no need to evacuate any parts of Bryansk, a city of 400,000 people. Reuters reports.\n\nNine Russian missiles struck infrastructure in Kremenchuk, an industrial city in central Ukraine, yesterday according to a regional leader. “The enemy does not shy away from anything, even on such a holy day,” Dmytro Lunin, an acting governor and head of the Poltava region’s military administration, wrote on Telegram. María Paúl reports for the Washington Post.\n\nRussian attacks targeting the towns of Gorske and Zolote in the eastern Luhansk region killed six people on Saturday, the region’s governor, Sergiy Haida has said. Cora Engelbrecht reports for the New York Times.\n\nA series of artillery strikes hit central and east Kharkiv on Saturday, including a large residential area. There were no casualties in the strike on central Kharkiv, officials said. Thomas Gibbons-Neff reports for the New York Times.\n\nRussia is planning a staged referendum in the Ukrainian city of Kherson to justify “its occupation,” according to the U.K.’s Defense Ministry. “The city is key to Russia’s objective of establishing a land bridge to Crimea and dominating southern Ukraine,” the ministry tweeted in an intelligence update. María Paúl reports for the Washington Post.\n\nRUSSIA, UKRAINE – MARIUPOL\n\nUkrainian forces are still in full control of the Azovstal steel plant in the port city of Mariupol and have repelled continuous assaults by Russian infantry, Capt. Svyatoslav Palamar, the deputy commander of the Azov Battalion, said yesterday. Ukrainian forces are willing to leave the factory and evacuate the city if given guarantees of safe passage for themselves and hundreds of civilians, Palamar said. Michael Schwirtz reports for the New York Times.\n\nRussian troops may be preparing for a renewed assault on the Azovstal steel plant, according to an update by Washington-based think tank the Institute for the Study of War. BBC News reports.\n\nThe International Committee of the Red Cross issued a statement yesterday saying that it was “deeply alarmed” by the situation in Mariupol. The statement called for unimpeded access to help residents, including hundreds of wounded. Marc Santora and Austin Ramzy report for the New York Times.\n\nRUSSIA, UKRAINE – U.S. RESPONSE\n\nSecretary of State Antony Blinken said during an unannounced trip to Kyiv on Sunday that U.S. diplomats would return to Ukraine this week. Blinken and Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin traveled to the Ukrainian capital, where they met with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and other Ukrainian officials, making them the highest-level US officials to have traveled to the country since Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Kylie Atwood and Jennifer Hanlser report for CNN.\n\nBridget Brink, who is currently the ambassador to Slovakia, is expected to be named as U.S. ambassador to Ukraine – a position that has been left vacant since early 2020 under former President Trump’s administration. President Joe Biden will likely nominate her later today. María Paúl and Missy Ryan report for the Washington Post.\n\nAt the meeting in Kyiv, the U.S. pledged more than $700m in military financing to help Ukraine’s war efforts, officials have said. About half of the money will go to Ukraine, while the rest will be split among NATO members and other regional allies. In addition, the US will sell $165m of ammunition to Ukraine. BBC News reports.\n\nRussia is failing in its war aims but Ukraine is succeeding, Blinken said following his and Austin’s meeting with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Kyiv. Reuters reports.\n\nThe United States hopes the war in Ukraine will result in a “weakened” Russia that no longer has the capacity to invade its neighbors, Austin told reporters during his trip to Kyiv. “We want to see Russia weakened to the degree that it can’t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine,” Austin said. Annabelle Timsit and Julie Yoon report for the Washington Post.\n\nZelenskyy has thanked the US for its “unprecedented” support for Ukraine, following his meeting with Blinken and Austin yesterday. “We appreciate the unprecedented assistance of the United States to Ukraine. I would like to thank President Biden personally and on behalf of the entire Ukrainian people for his leadership in supporting Ukraine, for his personal clear position. To thank all the American people, as well as the Congress for their bicameral and bipartisan support. We see it. We feel it,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Ukraine’s presidential website reports.\n\nAlina Kabaeva, the woman the U.S. government believes to be Russian President Vladimir Putin’s girlfriend, has been spared sanctions in a last-minute decision. U.S. officials believe that sanctioning Kabaeva would be deemed so personal a blow to Putin that it could further escalate tensions between Russia and the U.S.. Vivian Salama, Joe Parkinson and Drew Hinshaw report for the Wall Street Journal.\n\nMultiple governors have announced that their state National Guards would be sending armored vehicles to Ukraine in response to a request from the Pentagon. Gov. Mike DeWine (R- OH) and Gov. Jim Justice (R – WV) announced that their state National Guards would be providing an unspecified number of M-113 armored personnel carriers, which help move equipment and soldiers “while providing protection from small arms fire and the effects of artillery,” according to press releases from both governors’ offices. Caroline Vakil reports for The Hill.\n\nRUSSIA, UKRAINE – GLOBAL RESPONSE\n\nIn recent days Russian authorities have stopped publishing data on government debt, trade statistics and oil production, while lawmakers work on a bill banning lenders from sharing data with foreign states. The growing blackout is part of an effort by the Russian authorities to protect the economy and domestic companies from further sanctions by the West. Limited data means that Washington and Brussels will have less visibility on whether and how their sanctions are working. Georgi Kantchev reports for the Wall Street Journal.\n\nTop Ukrainian officials yesterday expressed disapproval of U.N. Secretary-General António Guterres’ planned meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Tuesday. Igor Zhovkva, deputy head of the officer of Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, told NBC in an interview that Guterres is “not really” authorized to speak on behalf of the Ukrainian government. Quint Forget reports for POLITICO.\n\nRUSSIA, UKRAINE – OTHER DEVELOPMENTS\n\nRussia has proposed the forced donation of blood by captured Ukrainian soldiers, according to Ukrainian ombudsperson for Human Rights, Lyudmila Denisova. “This fact testifies to the analogy of the atrocities of the Nazis in the concentration camps during the Second World War,” she said in a post on Facebook. Aaron Reich reports for the Jerusalem Post.\n\nGreenpeace activists have sought to block a tanker from delivering Russian oil to Norway, chaining themselves to the vessel in a protest against the war in Ukraine. As of this morning, the Ust Luga product tanker is anchored outside Exxon Mobil’s Slagen oil terminal some 43 miles south of the capital Oslo, according to the vessel tracker Marine Traffic. “Oil is not only at the root of the climate crisis but also of wars and conflicts. I am shocked that Norway operates as a free port for Russian oil, which we know finances Putin’s warfare,” Greenpeace Norway head Frode Pleym said. Reuters reports.\n\nUkraine’s postal service has said it was targeted by a cyberattack on Friday following to sale of stamps portraying a Ukrainian soldier making a crude gesture to a Russian warship. Reuters reports.\n\nUkraine has asked the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) for a list of equipment that is necessary for the reliable and safe operation of its nuclear facilities during the war. The list specifically mentions radiation measuring instruments, shielding materials, electrical power systems and diesel generators. The IAEA reports.\n\nOTHER U.S. RELATIONS\n\nFBI Director Christopher Wray said yesterday that the current scale of espionage and cybersecurity threats from China were “unprecedented in history.” He noted that China’s hacking program is larger “than that of every other major nation combined,” adding that China’s targets span nearly every sector of the economy. Monique Balls reports for The Hill.\n\nThe Chinese government is not only mistreating Uyghurs within China’s borders, it is hunting them down abroad with help from countries like Saudi Arabia, Egypt and the United Arab Emirates, according to a new report by the Woodrow Wilson Center’s Kissinger Institute on China and the U.S.. More than 5,500 Uyghurs outside of China have been targeted by Beijing, hit with cyberattacks and threats to family members who remain in China, and more than 1,500 Uyghurs have been detained or forced to return to China to face imprisonment and torture in police custody, according to the report. Anna Schecter reports for NBC News.\n\nPresident Biden yesterday issued a statement memorializing the Armenian genocide. “Let us redouble our efforts toward healing and building the better, more peaceful world that we wish for our children … A world where human rights are respected, where the evils of bigotry and intolerance do not mark our daily lives, and where people everywhere are free to pursue their lives in dignity and security,” the statement said. David Cohen reports for POLITICO.\n\nOTHER GLOBAL DEVELOPMENTS\n\nEmmanuel Macron won a second term as president of France yesterday, triumphing over his far-right challenger, Marine Le Pen. Projections at the close of voting, which are generally reliable, showed Macron gaining 58.5 per cent of the vote to Le Pen’s 41.5 per cent. His victory was much narrower than in 2017 when the margin was 66.1 per cent to 33.9 per cent for Le Pen. Roger Cohen reports for the New York Times.\n\nPreliminary results for Slovenia’s parliamentary elections show that right-wing Prime Minister Janez Jansa has lost to centrist rivals. With 95 per cent of the vote counted, results indicated that Jansa’s Slovenian Democratic Party had won around 24 per cent of the vote. That is far behind the 34 per cent of its main rival, the centrist Freedom Movement, meaning that Jansa is highly unlikely to keep his post as prime minister. Andrew Higgins reports for the New York Times.\n\nIsrael yesterday closed its civilian border crossing with the Gaza Strip, preventing thousands of Gazans from getting to work in Israel, in an effort to pressure Gaza’s ruler Hamas to halt rocket attacks against southern Israel. The closure comes after Palestinian militants fired two rockets at Israel Friday night and one on Saturday morning. Dov Lieber reports for the Wall Street Journal.\n\nHundreds of Arab militia fighters, attacked a village in Sudan’s western Darfur region yesterday, torching homes and shops and killing at least 150 people, according to aid groups and U.N. officials. The violence, which later spread to a nearby town, was the latest in a series of clashes involving Arab and ethnic African groups in Darfur in recent months. Declan Walsh reports for the New York Times.\n\nBritish man, Luke Symons, who was held captive in Yemen without charge or trial for five years has been released from jail. U.K. foreign secretary, Liz Truss, confirmed yesterday that Symons “would shortly be reunited with his family.” She thanked Omani and Saudi negotiators as well as U.K. Foreign Office staff as he was released alongside 13 other foreign nationals in Yemen. Joe Middleton reports for the Guardian.\n\nThree policemen were killed in central Nigeria’s Kogi state on Saturday after gunmen stormed a police station in an attack claimed by Islamic State. The attack came a day after explosives planted at a bar in northeast Nigeria injured 11 people. Anna MacSwan reports for the Guardian.\n\nHealth authorities in the Democratic Republic and Congo have declared a new outbreak of Ebola, the Work Health organisation reported yesterday. So far, just one case has been confirmed and investigations to determine the source of the outbreak are ongoing. U.N. News Centre reports.\n\nSaudi princes have sold more than $600 million worth of real estate, yachts and artwork in the U.S. and Europe since the kingdom’s de facto ruler Prince Mohammed bin Salman tightened the purse strings of the ultrawealthy ruling family. The transactions represent a radical change of fortune for senior princes who funnelled windfalls from oil booms in the 1970s and 1980s into some of the world’s most exclusive markets. “They’ve clearly been cut down to a disciplined, defined regimen and are having to live on that,” said British historian Robert Lacey, who has chronicled the Saudi ruling family since the 1980s. Prince Mohammed is “here for the long term and he’s reshaping things in a long-term fashion.” Stephen Kalin reports for the Wall Street Journal.\n\nJAN. 6, 2021 ATTACK\n\nRep. Marjorie Taylor Greene (R-GA) was confronted in court on Friday over past social media posts advocating violence against Democrats. At the hearing in Atlanta, to determine if Greene is constitutionally barred from running for reelection because of her alleged role in the Jan. 6 attack, the congressperson repeatedly said she couldn’t remember past comments or interactions. Andrew Kaczynski and Em Steck report for CNN.\n\nOTHER DOMESTIC DEVELOPMENTS\n\nTwitter Inc. is in discussions to sell itself to Elon Musk and could finalize a deal as soon as this week. The two sides met Sunday to discuss Musk’s proposal and were making progress, according to sources familiar with the matter. However, there is no guarantee they will reach a deal. Cara Lombardo and Dana Cimilluca report for the Wall Street Journal.\n\nA U.S. Air Force general officer has been found guilty of abusive sexual contact, in the first-ever court-martial trial and conviction of a general officer in the history of the military branch. Maj. Gen. William T. Cooley was found guilty on one of three specifications of sexual assault connected to a 2018 incident in New Mexico, the Air Force said in a statement. Aaron Pellish reports for CNN.\n\nThe Supreme Court will hear arguments today in the case of Joseph Kennedy – a Washington state high school football coach who lost his job after he refused to stop praying on the field immediately after games. “There is good reason to think that its newly expanded conservative majority will not only rule in Kennedy’s favor but also make a major statement about the role religion may play in public life,” Adam Liptak reports for the New York Times.\n\nThis morning a judge will consider whether to hold former President Trump in contempt for violating a court order that he comply with a subpoena regarding a civil investigation into his business practices. New York Attorney General Letitia James (D) is asking a state court judge to fine Trump $10,000 for each day that he has failed to turn over documents relevant to the subpoena. Harper Neidig reports for The Hill.\n\nFBI Director Christopher Wray yesterday highlighted an increase in violence against police officers last year, including a jump in police murders. “Violence against law enforcement in this country is one of the biggest phenomena that I think doesn’t get enough attention,” Wray said in an interview, adding that in 2021, “officers were being killed at a rate of almost one every five days.” Monique Beals reports for The Hill.\n\nA Colorado man who set himself on fire in front of the Supreme Court on Friday in an apparent Earth Day protest against climate change has died. The Metropolitan Police Department of Washington, D.C., said that Wynn Bruce, 50, of Boulder, Colo., died on Saturday from his injuries after being airlifted to a hospital following the incident. Chris Cameron reports for the New York Times.\n\nCOVID-19\n\nCOVID-19 has infected over 80.98 million people and has now killed over 991.254 people in the United States, according to data compiled by Johns Hopkins University. Globally, there have been over 507.56 million confirmed coronavirus cases and over 6.21 million deaths. Sergio Hernandez, Sean O’Key, Amanda Watts, Byron Manley and Henrik Pettersson report for CNN.\n\nA map and analysis of the vaccine roll out across the U.S. is available at the New York Times.\n\nA map and analysis of all confirmed cases of the virus in the U.S. is available at the New York Times.\n\nU.S. and worldwide maps tracking the spread of the pandemic are available at the Washington Post.\n\nA state-by-state guide to lockdown measures and reopenings is provided by the New York Times.', 'image': 'https://www.justsecurity.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/GettyImages-73086221-1-e1512768873185.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:03'}
{'title': "Russia's March from Hybrid War to Genocide", 'keywords': ['russias', 'siege', 'army', 'international', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'territory', 'genocide', 'military', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0462, 'subjectivity': 0.2356, 'link': 'https://www.thecipherbrief.com/column_article/russias-march-from-hybrid-war-to-genocide', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:03', 'summary': 'The success of the ”conquest of Crimea” operation encouraged President Putin to launch in 2014-2015 a second hybrid war against Ukraine in the Donbass region of eastern Ukraine.\nAfter the hybrid war between 2014 and February 2022, Russia now favors the pursuit of a frontal conventional war.\nBy targeting civilians, the Russian army is violating the “jus in bello” (the law of war).\nAfter six weeks of fighting, the Russian army has suffered devastating losses estimated between 10,000 and 12,000 soldiers.\nThe ongoing war in Ukraine is, strictly speaking, a war of stalemate and extermination.', 'channel': 'thecipherbrief.com', 'text': 'Alternative Perspectives\n\nOPINION — Since 2014, Russia has waged three persistent and multifaceted wars of conquest against Ukraine. The unstated strategic goal of these successive wars is Russia’s premeditated and determined fragmentation of Ukrainian national territory.\n\nThe first Russian-Ukrainian war led to the territorial conquest of the Crimean Peninsula in 2014, and its annexation to the Russian Federation. The means used by Russia to appropriate this Ukrainian territory were then unconventional, that is, from the military point of view, without recourse to regular troops of the Russian army. Analysts and strategists have described this war as hybrid and multiform. This type of warfare combines special military operations, cyber elements and informational toxication, i.e. a disinformation campaign orchestrated by a state, in this case, Russia.\n\nThe Russian special forces (spetsnez in Russian) were deployed in Crimea in uniforms without badges, in order to hide their identity and that of the sponsoring state. For this reason, the journalists present in Crimea nicknamed them, “the little green men” due to the olive-green color of their fatigues. This nickname, most often associated with extraterrestrials in contemporary popular television culture (notably the X-files), also emphasized their presumed alien character.\n\nThe success of the ”conquest of Crimea” operation encouraged President Putin to launch in 2014-2015 a second hybrid war against Ukraine in the Donbass region of eastern Ukraine. The objective of this war was to amputate a new piece of Ukrainian territory in order to further dismember the country by political and military destabilization. Russian special forces, this time dressed as civilians, hid among the pro-Russian Ukrainian fighters in the region.\n\nToday’s constant barrage of information makes it easy for countries to wage disinformation campaigns and your emotions are the weapon of choice. Learn how disinformation works and how we can fight it in this short video. This is one link you can feel good about sharing.\n\nThe hybrid war in Donbass was undoubtedly a military success for Putin. The institutions of the Ukrainian state were promptly expelled from the territory taken by the pro-Russian Ukrainian rebels. The next day, the Luhansk and Donetsk People’s Republics were proclaimed by the irredentist insurgents, supported, armed and recognized by Russia. The Donbass war lasted eight years, until February 24, 2022. The human losses from this conflict were estimated between 13,000 and 14,000 dead (soldiers and civilians combined).\n\nThe third war in Ukraine began on February 24, 2022, with a massive invasion of the Russian army from the territories of Russia and Belarus. On this occasion, Russia mobilized 190,000 soldiers to conquer and occupy the entire Ukrainian territory. To justify his entry into war against Ukraine, Putin offered, “the ongoing genocide against the Russian-speaking community of Donbass perpetrated by the Nazi government of Ukraine”. This is a baseless assertion, as no evidence was ever submitted by Russia to the UN International Court of Justice to validate this accusation. On the contrary, the Court ordered Russia to suspend its invasion of Ukraine on March 16, 2022; the order, however, remained a dead letter, deliberately ignored by President Putin.\n\nThe frontal and all-out war against Ukraine was also deliberately misleading, designated by Putin as a “special military operation”. Qualifying the ongoing war in such a way pursues the goal of hiding Russia’s real intentions from the Russian people and the international community.\n\nAfter the hybrid war between 2014 and February 2022, Russia now favors the pursuit of a frontal conventional war. Why? Strategically speaking, such a change corresponds to new Russian goals for the war. This time Russia is no longer satisfied with just taking another piece of Ukrainian territory, but rather wants to occupy and dominate the whole country. The “blitzkrieg”, launched simultaneously on several fronts by the Russian army, aims at the annihilation of the Ukrainian armed forces and the rapid capture of major cities, including the capital, Kiev. Such a massive and all-out attack clearly underlines a desire by the Russians to eliminate both the Ukrainian government and President Volodymyr Zelensky.\n\nAfter two months of fierce fighting however, it appears that the conquest of the whole Ukrainian territory is still out of reach for the Russian army. Unable to inflict decisive losses on the Ukrainian army, the Russian military is massively and indiscriminately bombing Ukrainian cities and causing an exodus of civilians, unseen in Europe since the Second World War. The war against Ukraine has forced 5 million Ukrainians to flee their country and another 6 million to become internal refugees.\n\nBy targeting civilians, the Russian army is violating the “jus in bello” (the law of war). In fact, the violence against civilians and cities in Ukraine has alerted UN institutions, in particular the General Assembly and the International Criminal Court (ICC). At the UN General Assembly session held on March 2, 2022, 141 member states condemned the Russian aggression against Ukraine; 35 abstained and only 5 supported Russia. Among the five states in favor were Russia and Belarus. Note here, that the UN currently has 193 member states.\n\nThe International Criminal Court (ICC) opened an investigation on March 2, 2022, into war crimes and crimes against humanity that may have been committed in Ukraine since 2013. This request was made to the Court by 39 of its 123 member states.\n\nAt a more strategic level, the element that is proving to be a determining factor in the present conflict is the surprising capacity of the Ukrainian military-civilian army to resist the ongoing Russian invasion. The Ukrainian army, by launching counter-offensives on several fronts, has forced the Russian occupiers to change their preferred form of warfare and strategic objectives. After six weeks of fighting, the Russian army has suffered devastating losses estimated between 10,000 and 12,000 soldiers. These are higher losses than those suffered by the Soviet army in Afghanistan during ten years of fighting (1979-1989).\n\nAfter two months of combat, the Blitzkrieg initially practiced by the Russian army, has turned into siege warfare, which has entailed great suffering for the civilians in Ukraine’s larger cities. This form of warfare was also undertaken in the past by the Russian army in Chechnya (the siege of the capital, Grozny) and in Syria (the siege of Aleppo). Serbia, a Russian ally in the Balkans, also practiced this type of siege warfare against Bosnia and Croatia during the disintegration of Yugoslavia (1991-1995). The siege of Kharkiv bears similarities to that of Sarajevo in Bosnia and the siege of Mariupol to that of Vukovar in Croatia.\n\nAccording to the latest reports, the Ukrainian defense of Mariupol seems on the verge of collapse despite defying a Russian ultimatum to surrender at the end of Easter weekend. This concerning development takes place after the humiliating, and highly symbolic, sinking of the Russian flagship of the Black Sea Fleet, thanks to what appears to have been a successful Ukrainian missile attack. In response, Russia’s military declared it’s clear intention to intensify strikes on the capital, Kyiv. The siege of Mariupol has been compared by Ukrainian and US officials to the siege of Leningrad during World War II.\n\nSome of those responsible for the sieges of cities in Croatia and Bosnia were sentenced by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY). The case of the former president of Serbia, Slobodan Milosevic, who was accused by the ICTY of genocide and war crimes, is worth mentioning. He died in a cell before the end of his trial. On these grounds, it is to be hoped that the war criminals who are currently bombing Ukrainian cities and humanitarian corridors will end up before international justice.\n\nThe ongoing war in Ukraine is, strictly speaking, a war of stalemate and extermination. Once again, the Yugoslav example is revealing in the context of the present situation.\n\nOn one hand, the war in ex-Yugoslavia lasted from 1991 to 2000. On the other hand, the recent massacres in Bucha, near Kiev, during the withdrawal of Russian forces, are the most morbid proof of the will of Putin’s regime to enact extermination. They are blatantly reminiscent of the criminal ethnic cleansing of the war in Bosnia-Herzegovina (1992-1995).\n\nFrance, Germany, Spain, Sweden, Italy and Denmark have announced the expulsion of dozens of Russian diplomats in response to alleged war crimes committed by the Russian army in Ukraine. Reciprocation should follow shortly on the Russian side. This type of war presages a long-lasting conflict.\n\nTo accelerate and find a lasting diplomatic solution in Ukraine, it is essential to help the Ukrainian army. At present, the United States, Great Britain and Canada are the most committed to arming Ukraine. It is also time for the members of the European Union to do more.\n\nIt is only the change in the balance of power on the battlefield that will force Russia to negotiate in good faith and bring peace to Ukraine.\n\nAfter approximately two months of fighting, the repositioning and concentrating of the Russian armed forces in southeastern Ukraine, suggests that the Ukrainian state will eventually be divided into two distinct political units: eastern Ukraine, controlled entirely by Russia, and western Ukraine, controlled by the current government under President Zelensky.\n\nThis scenario is similar to the division of Korea at the end of the Korean War (1950-1953) into South and North Korea. The international community must mobilize more substantially to prevent this catastrophic scenario for the sovereignty, territorial integrity and security of Ukraine and, more broadly, that of Central and Eastern Europe.\n\nThe opinions expressed here are those of the authors alone and do not reflect the official policies or positions of Public Safety Canada or any of its components, or any other part of the Canadian government.\n\nSharing informed opinions is important. Opinion pieces represent the diverse views of The Cipher Brief audience and do not represent views of The Cipher Brief.', 'image': 'https://www.thecipherbrief.com/wp-content/themes/cipher/favicon/apple-touch-icon.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:03'}
{'title': 'Russia announces expulsion of 40 German diplomats in tit-for-tat move - as it happened', 'keywords': ['russias', 'ministry', 'titfortat', 'president', 'announces', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'russian', 'oil', 'defense', 'military', 'diplomats'], 'polarity': 0.0109, 'subjectivity': 0.236, 'link': 'https://www.dw.com/en/russia-announces-expulsion-of-40-german-diplomats-in-tit-for-tat-move-as-it-happened/a-61577651?maca=en-rss-en-eu-2092-rdf', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:42', 'summary': 'Watch video 02:42 Russia expels German diplomats: Leonie von Hammerstein reportsRussia declares 40 German diplomats \'persona non grata\'Russia\'s Foreign Ministry says it has declared 40 employees of German diplomatic institutions in Russia "persona non grata."\nOn April 21, Russian President Vladimir Putin said that he cancelled plans to storm the Azovstal plant in Mariupol.\nWhen freedom is defended in one country, it is defended all over the world," said the Ukrainian president.\nBlinken said that Russia\'s military was underperforming and its economy was "in shambles" due to sanctions and a mass "exodus" from the country.\nEU considering \'smart sanctions\' against Russian oilThe European Union is preparing "smart sanctions" against Russian oil imports, the UK newspaper The Times reported.', 'channel': 'dw.com', 'text': 'Russia declares 40 German diplomatic mission staff \'persona non grata\'\n\nBlinken, Austin announce aid, diplomatic surge in visit to Kyiv\n\nFinland and Sweden reportedly to submit NATO applications jointly in mid-May\n\nMissiles reportedly hit five train stations in central and western Ukraine\n\nRussia announces ceasefire at Mariupol steel plant, Ukraine says no agreement made\n\nThese live updates are now closed. For our latest from April 26, click here\n\nMariupol authorities say new mass grave found\n\nVadym Boychenko, the mayor of the besieged city of Mariupol, said a new mass grave had been identified 10 kilometers (6 miles) north of the city.\n\nSeveral victims were located there, though authorities are trying to identify how many victims are in the unmarked graves.\n\nOver the past several days, satellite photos have shown what appear to be images of mass graves on the outskirts of the city.\n\nMariupol has been under siege for two months, with 100,000 civilians remaining trapped in the city. The remaining Ukrainian forces in the city are holding out in a sprawling steel factory. Ukrainian officials have been trying for weeks to secure the safe evacuation of civilians.\n\nShould Russian forces succeed in completely capturing Mariupol, they will have a land corridor to Crimea, which Russia seized in 2014.\n\nWatch video 04:24 Photos suggest mass graves outside Mariupol: DW\'s Mathias Bölinger\n\nRussian foreign minister warns \'real\' danger of third world war developing\n\nRussian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov told state television that NATO weapons deliveries mean that the alliance is "in essence" engaged in war with Russia through a proxy, adding that Western arms deliveries in Ukraine would be "legitimate targets" for Russian forces.\n\n"Storage facilities in western Ukraine have been targeted more than once [by Russian forces]. How can it be otherwise?" Lavrov said. "NATO, in essence, is engaged in a war with Russia through a proxy and is arming that proxy. War means war," he added.\n\nIn another interview late Monday, Lavrov vowed peace talks with Ukraine would continue even as he warned of a "real" danger of the conflict in Ukraine escalating into a third world war.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, you can\'t underestimate it," Lavrov told the Interfax news agency.\n\nThe foreign minister also told Russian state television that Moscow wants to reduce the chance of "artificially" elevating the risks of a nuclear conflict.\n\n"This is our key position on which we base everything. The risks now are considerable," Lavrov said.\n\nWhen asked if the current situation in Ukraine was comparable to the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962, Lavrov said that "back then there were actually only a few rules, written rules."\n\nHowever, Lavrov said that during that time, there were "clear rules of conduct" and a channel of communication between the leaders of the US and Soviet Union that doesn\'t exist today.\n\nThe foreign minister also criticized Ukraine\'s approach to negotiations following Russia\'s invasion of the country on February 24. Lavrov accused Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky of "pretending" to negotiate.\n\nHe told Russian news agencies the content of peace talks would depend on the military situation and added, "Good will has its limits. But if it isn\'t reciprocal, that doesn\'t help the negotiation process."\n\n"We are continuing to engage in negotiations with the team delegated by Zelenskyy, and these contacts will go on," Lavrov said.\n\nUK defense minister promises armored vehicles with missile launchers\n\nUK Defense Minister Ben Wallace said the British government believes Russia has lost approximately 15,000 soldiers since Russian forces invaded Ukraine February 24. By contrast, Ukraine has claimed 22,000 Russian troops were killed since the invasion.\n\nRussia has acknowledged only 1,351 military deaths.\n\nAdditionally, Wallace said the UK believes Russia lost 60 jets and helicopters, 2,000 armored vehicles and 530 tanks, saying they were either destroyed or captured, some by Ukrainian tractors.\n\nUkraine has stated Russian losses of materiel at 181 fighter jets and 154 helicopters, 2,258 military vehicles and 884 tanks.\n\nWallace added Russia deployed 120 tactical battalion groups during the invasion of Ukraine, amounting to 65% of Russia\'s total infantry units. Wallace said at least 25% of Russia\'s ground forces are no longer combat ready.\n\nThe UK defense secretary said his country would soon send "a small number" of Stormer armored vehicles equipped with missile launchers.\n\nWatch video 03:55 Security expert: \'Sending arms is neither illegal nor unusual\'\n\nEuropean Commission President addresses Russia on India visit\n\nEuropean Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said in New Delhi that Russian aggression in Ukraine is a direct threat to European security.\n\nSpeaking at a geopolitical conference, von der Leyen said that Russia was: "Targeting and killing innocent civilians. Redrawing borders by force. Subjugating the will of a free people. This goes against core principles enshrined in the U.N. Charter."\n\nShe added that Russia\'s "unprovoked and unjustified aggression against Ukraine" would be a "strategic failure." She said the EU was "doing all we can to help Ukraine fight for its freedom."\n\nGermany wants to secure the grain supply from Ukraine by rail\n\nThe German government wants to use rail transport to arrange alternative means of exporting grain from Ukraine.\n\n"I am committed to ensuring that the 20 million tons of grain can be transported to avert a global food catastrophe," Michael Theurer, a Bundestag member with a role at the Transport Ministry, told the German business daily Handelsblatt.\n\nAccording to Theurer, talks were being held with the Ukrainian railways and other European railways — with Deutsche Bahn also set to play a role. Owing to the blockade of Ukrainian ports, it is not currently possible to export Ukrainian grain by sea.\n\nBoth Russia and Ukraine are among the most prolific exporters of wheat on the planet.\n\nOn April 23, Ukraine and Poland announced that they would create a joint logistics company to increase the volume of rail transportation of Ukrainian goods to the EU and world markets via Europe.\n\nRussia says Trans-Dniester hit with explosions\n\nRussian state-run media outlets are reporting explosions near a government building in the Trans-Dniester region of Moldova, where Russia backs its proxy forces who call themselves separatists.\n\nTrans-Dniester, also referred to as Transnistria in English, is a narrow strip of land on the east bank of the Dniester River, sandwiched between Ukraine and Moldova. The breakaway region seceded from Moldova after a brief military conflict in 1992 following the break up of the former Soviet Union.\n\nEarlier, Putin accused the West of "terror" while urging prosecutors to be tough after Russia accused "neo-Nazis" from Ukraine of attempting to assassinate numerous Russian state media personalities and bosses including presenter Vladimir Solovyev and state media head Margarita Simonyan.\n\nSweden and Finland agree to submit NATO applications\n\nFinnish newspaper Italehti reports Finland and Sweden have agreed to submit NATO applications at the same time during the week of May 16.\n\nSwedish paper Expressen writes that its sources confirm there is an agreement between the two countries.\n\nFinnish President Sauli Niinisto is scheduled to arrive in Stockholm in the middle of that week.\n\nBerlin says Russia\'s expulsion of diplomats \'not justified\'\n\nGermany Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock has condemned Russia\'s announcement that it will expel 40 German diplomatic staff.\n\nThe move by Moscow was said to by a symmetrical response to Germany\'s expulsion of the same number of staff from Russian diplomatic missions earlier this month.\n\nHowever, Baerbock said the Russian staff expelled from Germany had been spies, rather than diplomats.\n\n"We expected today\'s step, but it is in no way justified," Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock said in a statement.\n\nBaerbock said that the 40 Russian diplomats expelled by Berlin "did not serve diplomacy for a single day" while those who were expelled by Russia had "not done anything wrong."\n\nWatch video 02:42 Russia expels German diplomats: Leonie von Hammerstein reports\n\nRussia declares 40 German diplomats \'persona non grata\'\n\nRussia\'s Foreign Ministry says it has declared 40 employees of German diplomatic institutions in Russia "persona non grata."\n\nIn a statement, the ministry said it had summoned Germany\'s ambassador in Moscow and handed him a note. The ministry said it was "a symmetrical response" to the German government\'s decision to expel 40 Russian diplomats from Germany on April 4.\n\nMoscow\'s letter of protest said statements made at the time by Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock were unacceptable.\n\nBaerbock had spoken of "a significant number of members of the Russian embassy, undesirables who have worked every day here in Germany against our freedom, against the cohesion of our society."\n\nThe Russian Foreign Ministry said it also objected to "insinuations" Baerbock had made about events unfolding in Ukraine.\n\nAn assessment by the German news agency DPA said the number corresponded to about one-third of the German diplomatic corps in Russia.\n\nThe RIA news agency also reported that Russia\'s foreign ministry has said that unfriendly actions against Russians will not go unanswered. It cited the ministry as saying Moscow could seize assets held in Russia as a response.\n\nGreenpeace activists chained their boat to Russian tanker in Norway\n\nGreenpeace activists in Norway have chained their boat to a Russian oil tanker in protest oil imports from Russia.\n\nThe aim was to prevent the shipping of thousands of tons of oil to Norwegian ports, Greenpeace Norway said on its website.\n\nThe four activists, who held up banners with "Stop fuelling the war" and "Oil fuels war" from three small boats and kayaks, called on the Norwegian government to halt the import of Russian fossil fuels.\n\n"I\'m shocked that Norway is operating as a free port for Russian oil, when we know it is financing Russian President Vladimir Putin\'s war," Frode Pleym, Greenpeace\'s head in Norway, said.\n\nPleym is among the activists who chained their boat to the Russian tanker\'s anchor chain off the Oslofjord terminal.\n\nNorwegian police later said they had arrested 20 Greenpeace and Extinction Rebellion activists who blocked the Russian tanker.\n\nGreenpeace members, who had their boat chained to a Russian tanker, held the banners "Stop fuelling the war" and "Oil fuels war"\n\nEstonian PM urges Germany to act now, not later\n\nEstonian Prime Minister Kaja Kallas has told DW that her country expects Germany to show strong leadership and deter Russian aggression.\n\nThe comments come with the German government facing criticism over its reluctance to ban Russian oil and send heavy weapons such as tanks to Ukraine.\n\n"Our neighbors\' problems today are our problems tomorrow," said Kallas. "If we don\'t help our neighbors when their house is on fire, the fire will also catch your house."\n\nWatch video 02:33 Estonian PM Kaja Kallas: \'Our neighbor\'s problems today are our problems tomorrow\'\n\nKallas welcomed Germany\'s commitment to NATO\'s Article 5 on collective defense. However, she said tough decisions now could reduce the likelihood of an attack against the alliance further down the line.\n\n"Germany has said Article 5 is ironclad and Germany will come to help if necessary, but then it is also important for everybody, including Germany, to make those decisions so that we make NATO stronger — and there will be no need to come to any help at all."\n\n"Of course, gas or oil could be expensive, but freedom is really priceless," Kallas said, adding: "Strong sanctions, hitting hard, would be something that would maybe end this war."\n\nNo agreement with Russia on Mariupol corridor — Ukrainian deputy PM\n\nUkrainian Deputy Prime Minister Iryna Vereshchuk said that Kyiv had not reached any agreement with Moscow on establishing a humanitarian corridor out of the southeastern city of Mariupol.\n\nRussia said it would open a humanitarian corridor for civilians to leave the Azovstal steel plant in Mariupol.\n\n"It is important to understand that a humanitarian corridor opens by the agreement of both sides," Vereshchuk said on Telegram. "A corridor announced unilaterally does not provide security, and therefore is not a humanitarian corridor."\n\nHead of Ukrainian Railways: We keep running operations\n\nIn an interview with DW, Oleksandr Kamyshin, the chairman of the state-run Ukrainian Railways, said that five railway facilities in central and western Ukraine were significantly damaged on Monday after the numerous rocket strikes.\n\n"Today in the morning, the Russians shelled five stations. Some stations were shot twice. Some stations were shelled once and some missiles were blocked by Ukraine’s air defense system," he told DW.\n\nThe Russian troops "shelled stations, bridges, tracks and railway stations hundreds of times. And meanwhile, we suffer much. But we keep running operations," Kamyshin said.\n\nWatch video 04:43 Ukraine\'s rail chief: \'We suffer much, but we keep running operations\'\n\nAccording to Kamyshin, the railway maintains the "lifeline of the country," because the air space above Ukraine cannot be used because of the war. "We don\'t have airplanes. We have only cars and trains now," he said.\n\nThe still-operational rail links in the country have also come into political focus in recent weeks, with various foreign leaders using the trains to visit Kyiv and other parts of Ukraine.\n\n"All Western leaders who arrived to Ukraine, arrived by train. […] We call it Iron Diplomacy, and we will keep bringing more people to Kyiv. For us, it\'s important to give the opportunity to those leaders who want to show their support of Ukraine by visiting Kyiv, to travel to Kyiv safe, and travel back safe," Kamyshin said.\n\nWatch video 02:41 Courageous rail workers keep Ukraine running amid war\n\nBiden names new US ambassador to Ukraine\n\nPresident Joe Biden has named Bridget Brink as the new US ambassador to Ukraine, the White House said in a statement.\n\nBridget Brink currently represents the United States in Slovakia.\n\nBrink\'s nomination must be confirmed by the US Senate.\n\nEarlier on Monday, Secretary of State Antony Blinken said that US diplomats would begin to return to Ukraine starting next week.\n\nWatch video 02:08 US pledges more arms funding for Ukraine\n\nNo southern Ukraine secession referendum plans — Russian Foreign Ministry\n\nRussia\'s foreign ministry has denied claims that Moscow is planning a referendum on the secession of the southern Ukrainian region of Kherson.\n\n"I have not heard anything about that," deputy Foreign Minister Andrei Rudenko told journalists.\n\nRudenko also said that a face-to-face meeting between the Russian and Ukrainian foreign ministers was not planned at present. Moscow has accused Kyiv of dragging out negotiations and claims to have handed over proposals to Ukraine last week, which Kyiv has denied.\n\nUkrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on Friday accused Moscow of planning to "falsify" a referendum in parts of Ukraine\'s south that are under Russian control after Russia\'s Central Military District (CFD) command said that Moscow was planning to seize the region.\n\nWatch video 05:00 Demonstrations against Russian referendum plan in Kherson\n\n\'Right now I\'m talking to you from a bunker\' says DW correspondent\n\nDW correspondent Emmanuelle Chaze said that half of the $700 million in military assistance announced by the US will go directly to Kyiv, and half will go to NATO allies that have been supporting Ukraine.\n\nWatch video 03:21 Airstrikes near Lviv: DW\'s Jan-Philipp Scholz reports\n\nSpeaking from the western city of Liviv, Chaze added that $165 million worth of ammunition will be delivered to Ukraine.\n\nChaze said that the situation in Mariupol is "dire," adding that Ukrainian soldiers and hundreds of civilians are still trapped in the Azovstal steel plant in the city. She added that there would soon be water shortages in the area.\n\n"Right now, I\'m talking to you from a bunker because most of the country is on air strike alert," Chaze reported.\n\n"The offensive is continuing. Mariupol is still being shelled," Chaze said. "This is the everyday life here in Ukraine."\n\nWatch video 02:34 US pledges arms funding for Ukraine: DW\'s Emmanuelle Chaze reports from Lviv\n\nRussia investigates large oil depot fire in Bryansk region near Ukraine\n\nRussia said on Monday it would investigate the cause of a large fire that erupted in the early hours of the morning at an oil storage facility in the city of Bryansk 154 kilometers (96 miles) northeast of the border with Ukraine.\n\nAccording to Russia\'s Ministry of Emergency Situations, nobody was hurt in the incident.\n\nThe ministry said in a statement that the fire had broken out at a facility owned by oil pipeline company Transneft at 2 a.m. Moscow time (23:00 GMT).\n\nThere was no immediate comment from Ukraine, which has denied or not responded to previous suggestions that it has struck targets inside Russia.\n\nLast month, Russia said two Ukrainian helicopter gunships hit an oil reservoir in Russia\'s Belgorod region that borders Ukraine, causing a fire.\n\nTwo oil storage facilities on fire in the Russian city of Bryansk, just 150 kilometers from the Ukrainian border\n\nRussia announces ceasefire around Azovstal steel plant in Mariupol\n\nRussia\'s Defense Ministry said its troops would "unilaterally cease any hostilities" to allow civilians to leave the besieged steel plant Azovstal in Ukraine\'s port city of Mariupol. The ceasefire is set to begin at 2 p.m. Moscow time (1100 GMT) on Monday.\n\nThe ministry said any civilians trapped at the facility could leave in whichever direction they chose.\n\nOn April 21, Russian President Vladimir Putin said that he cancelled plans to storm the Azovstal plant in Mariupol. He said he wanted the plant to be securely blockaded instead.\n\nHowever, Ukrainian fighters at the Azovstal plant reported heavy shelling and Russian attacks in recent days.\n\nAzovstal is the last remaining pocket of Ukrainian resistance in the key port of Mariupol.\n\nGermany\'s Steinmeier meets Ukrainian Holocaust survivors\n\nGerman President Frank-Walter Steinmeier met with Ukrainian Holocaust survivors in Berlin and said that he hoped that refugees in Germany would feel safe from further attacks.\n\nSteinmeier met the survivors during a visit to a care facility in Berlin\'s eastern neighborhood of Marzahn.\n\nThe six Holocaust survivors told Steinmeier stories of their escape from Ukrainian cities, which in some cases lasted several days. The four women and two men were brought to Germany with the help of Jewish organizations.\n\nAccording to a spokesperson for the president\'s office, around 70 Holocaust survivors from Ukraine who are in need of serious care have so far been admitted in 11 German cities.\n\nGerman President Frank-Walter Steinmeier met with Holocaust survivors in Berlin who fled Russia\'s invasion of Ukraine\n\nRussia \'greeted\' Ukraine on Easter with missile strikes, Zelenskyy said\n\nIn a morning video address, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said Russia "greeted" Ukraine with missiles strikes over the weekend, when Orthodox Easter was celebrated. The majority of population in both Russia and Ukraine are Orthodox Christians.\n\n"Why was this blow needed at Easter? There is no military threat from which this could protect Russia. This is just a deliberate destruction of life in Ukraine. Destruction that did not stop even on the biggest Orthodox holiday," Zelenskyy said.\n\nThe Ukrainian president also spoke about yesterday\'s visit by top US officials. "Assistance to Ukraine was the number one issue in talks with representatives of the United States of America, Secretary of State Anthony Blinken and Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin," Zelenskyy said.\n\n"We share the same understanding with the United States: when democracy wins in one country, it wins all over the world. When freedom is defended in one country, it is defended all over the world," said the Ukrainian president.\n\nIn his address, Zelenskyy also mentioned the morning air raids in the Vinnytsia, Rivne, Lviv and Odesa regions. However, he did not provide any information on the rocket attacks reported at train stations in western Ukraine.\n\nUkraine reports deadly rocket attacks in central Vinnytsia region\n\nTwo towns in Ukraine\'s central Vinnytsia region came under fire on Monday, causing an unspecified number of deaths and injuries, according to local officials.\n\nThe cities of Zhmerynka and Koziatyn were struck by "rocket fire," local governor Serhiy Borzov said on Facebook. The attacks reportedly targeted "critical infrastructure" in the region, he said. Both cities are important railway junctions on the route from Kyiv to western Ukraine.\n\nBorzov also said the strikes caused deaths and injuries, but he did not give any numbers.\n\nRailway stations struck by missiles — Ukrainian railway chief\n\nFive train stations in central and western Ukraine have been hit by missile strikes, according to the head of the country\'s railways, Oleksandr Kamyshin.\n\n"Russian forces are systematically destroying the infrastructure of our railways," Kamyshin said on his Telegram channel.\n\nKamyshin added that trains are being forced to alter routes and schedules for security reasons.\n\nReports of missile attacks also emerged in the western city of Lviv and southwestern city of Vinnytsia.\n\nAccording to Maksym Kozytskyy, the governor of the western Lviv region, an explosion occurred on Monday morning at the traction substation of the Krasne railway station as a result of a missile strike.\n\nOne missile was destroyed by Ukrainian air defense. The missiles flew to western Ukraine from the southeast, Kozytskyy wrote on Twitter.\n\nHe added that the missiles were likely fired from Russian strategic aircraft. He had no information yet about possible victims.\n\nKyiv needs long-range fires and tanks — US Defense Secretary\n\nUS Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin said that the nature of the fight in Ukraine had changed and that Kyiv now needs long-range fires for both artillery and missiles, as well as tanks.\n\nAustin said that he and Blinken had discussed "security assistance" and "training" with Ukrainian officials. He said that the meeting was to talk about things that would "enable us to win the current fight and also build for tomorrow."\n\n"We want to see Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," Austin said.\n\nUS Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin spoke to reporters following a meeting with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy\n\nAustin is scheduled to go to the Ramstein US Air Base in western Germanyon Tuesday to speak with allies on how best to support Ukraine.\n\nThe Secretary of Defense said it is difficult for the US to track what happens to weapons transferred to Ukraine as there are no US forces on the ground, but added that he spoke to Kyiv to make sure weapons were tracked as best as possible.\n\nRussia \'failing\' in its war aims — Blinken\n\nUS Secretary of State Antony Blinken said in a press conference following a meeting with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy that Russia has been "failing" when it came to its war aims in Ukraine, while Kyiv is "succeeding."\n\n"Russia has sought as its principal aim to totally subjugate Ukraine," Blinken said. "That has failed."\n\nBlinken said that Russia\'s military was underperforming and its economy was "in shambles" due to sanctions and a mass "exodus" from the country.\n\nUS Secretary of State Antony Blinken flew to Poland before making a trip to Kyiv to discuss military assistance to Ukraine with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy.\n\n"A sovereign, independent Ukraine will be around a lot longer than Vladimir Putin\'s on the scene," Blinken said, adding that US support for Ukraine will continue until Kyiv sees "final success."\n\nBlinken said that Washington was committed to the return of American diplomats to Ukraine starting next week, and that US President Joe Biden intended to nominate a new ambassador to the country.\n\nAsked about his impression of the situation on the ground, US Secretary of State Antony Blinken said "things are beginning to get back to normal" in Kyiv, but noted that "that\'s in stark contrast to what\'s going on" in southern and eastern Ukraine.\n\nRussia has made minor advances in some areas — UK Defense Ministry\n\nBritain\'s defense ministry said in an intelligence update that Moscow has made minor advances in some areas since shifting its focus to Ukraine\'s eastern Donbas region.\n\nHowever, "Russia has yet to achieve a breakthrough" due to insufficient logistical and combat support, the ministry said.\n\nAccording to the intelligence update, Ukraine\'s defense of Mariupol has exhausted Russian units and reduced their combat effectiveness. The ministry added that the fact that Moscow chose not to attack the Azovstal steelworks means "Russian units remain fixed in the city and cannot be redeployed."\n\nMoscow claimed victory in the long-besieged southeastern Ukrainian city of Mariupol late last week, a claim Ukraine and its Western allies have disputed.\n\nBritish intelligence said that Russia\'s defense ministry has proposed compensation for the families of deceased serviceman be overseen by military rather than civilian officials. Britain\'s defense ministry believes this "reflects a desire to hide the true scale of Russia\'s losses from the domestic population."\n\nWatch video 01:57 Ukraine war: Russia\'s renewed ambitions in the east\n\nRussia increased military spending to $65.9 billion in 2021\n\nWorld military expenditure surpassed the $2 trillion mark (€1.8 trillion) for the first time in 2021, according to a report by the Stockholm International Peace Institute (SIPRI).\n\nThe report released on Monday shows Russia increased its military expenditure to $65.9 billion in 2021 to reach 4.1% of its GDP.\n\nIt was the third consecutive year of growth and Russia\'s military spending. Moscow was the fifth largest spender in the world, behind the United States, China, India and the United Kingdom.\n\nUkraine\'s military spending has risen by 72% since Russia\'s annexation of Crimea in 2014. It spent $5.9 billion, or 3.2% of the country\'s GDP, in 2021.\n\nTotal spending in Europe in 2021 amounted to $418 billion, 3% higher than in 2020 and 19% higher than in 2012. Many European countries have contributed substantial military aid to Ukraine since February 2022, and third-largest spender Germany boosted its military aid budget to €2 billion a little over a week ago.\n\nThe United States saw a drop in expenditure in 2021 due to a drop in American spending on research and development. The US is the largest supplier of military aid to Ukraine, having provided an additional $800 million in mid-April and another $322 million this Sunday.\n\nWatch video 02:24 US approves more military aid to Ukraine\n\nBlinken and Austin announce aid, diplomatic surge\n\nThe United States will provide Ukraine with $322 million in foreign military financing and has approved a $165 million sale of ammunition to the war-ravaged country.\n\nThe announcement came after US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin met Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Kyiv on Sunday.\n\nIt was the highest-level visit by an American delegation since the start of the war.\n\nThe US officials also pledged further assistance worth $713 million in foreign military financing for Ukraine and 15 allied and partner countries, with the $322 million earmarked specifically for Kyiv.\n\nThe new money brings the total amount of US military assistance to Ukraine to $3.7 billion since the invasion, officials said.\n\nThe two returned overland to Poland after their meeting. While Blinken was returning to Washington, Austin would head to Ramstein in Germany, for a meeting Tuesday of NATO defense ministers and other donor countries.\n\nWatch video 03:37 Zelenskyy hopes US Foreign and Defense Ministers bring promises of weapons: DW\'s Rebecca Ritter\n\nFire at Russian oil depot north of Ukrainian border\n\nA large fire was reported at an oil storage facility in the Russian city of Bryansk. The emergency services ministry told Russian news agencies it was a single large fire.\n\nIt was not immediately not clear how the fire started. Bryansk is located about 380 kilometers (236 miles) southwest of Moscow.\n\nThe city is the administrative center of the Bryansk region, which borders Ukraine.\n\nRussian officials on Thursday had said Ukrainian helicopters hit residential buildings and injured seven people in the Bryansk region.\n\nThere was no immediate indication the fire on Monday at the oil storage facility was related to the war in Ukraine.\n\nEU considering \'smart sanctions\' against Russian oil\n\nThe European Union is preparing "smart sanctions" against Russian oil imports, the UK newspaper The Times reported.\n\nQuoting the European Commission\'s executive vice president, Valdis Dombrovskis, the paper reported that the precise details of the oil sanctions had not yet been agreed but could include a gradual phasing-out of Russian oil or imposing tariffs on imports beyond a certain price cap.\n\n"We are working on a sixth sanctions package, and one of the issues we are considering is some form of an oil embargo. When we are imposing sanctions, we need to do so in a way that maximizes pressure on Russia while minimizing collateral damage on ourselves," Dombrovskis said.\n\nEurope spends around $450 million (€417 million) per day on Russian crude oil and refined products.\n\nAustralia, New Zealand show support for Ukraine at ANZAC Day commemorations\n\nThe leaders of Australia and New Zealand used their annual speeches on Anzac Day to show support for Ukraine.\n\nAnzac Day marks the anniversary of Australian and New Zealand soldiers landing on the Gallipoli Peninsula in 1915 during World War I but is now used to commemorate troops from all conflicts.\n\n"The invasion of Ukraine is a senseless act of war, one that is taking the lives of innocent people. It is a threat to the international laws that a nation like ours relies on — but it is also a threat to our sense of humanity. And that makes it a threat to all of us," New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern said\n\nNew Zealand was physically distanced from the conflict but "inextricably linked" to what it represented, Ardern added.\n\nAcross the Tasman sea, Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison paid tribute to the people of Ukraine, who are fighting a Russian invasion.\n\n"On this particular day, as we honor those who fought for our liberty and freedom, we stand with the people of Ukraine who do the same thing at this very moment," Morrison said.\n\nWatch video 03:34 US now clearly willing to provide Ukraine with what they need: military expert\n\nSummary of Sunday\'s events in Ukraine-Russia crisis\n\nUkrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy held talks with US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin in Kyiv. A senior Ukrainian official confirmed the meeting. Zelenskyy was expected to push Washington for more powerful weapons.\n\nRussia\'s forces sought to dislodge the last Ukrainian troops in the battered port of Mariupol. Ukraine\'s armed forces command wrote on Facebook that Russian forces were firing and performing "offensive operations" at the Azovstal steel plant.\n\nThe UN refugee agency said 5,186,744 Ukrainians have fled since the start of Russia\'s invasion, an increase of 23,058 on Saturday\'s figures.\n\nThe Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe has said it is "extremely concerned" after several of its Ukrainian members were believed to have been arrested in pro-Russian separatist territories in the country\'s east. In a tweet, the organization said it was using all available channels to facilitate their release.\n\nThe UK Ministry of Defense said Russia was planning a "staged referendum in the southern city of Kherson aimed at justifying its occupation." In 2014, Russia held a sham referendum in Crimea to retrospectively justify its annexation of the territory.\n\ndh, si, lo/sri,rs (AP, AFP, dpa, Reuters)', 'image': 'https://static.dw.com/image/61578306_6.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:42'}
{'title': 'U.S. promises new aid to Ukraine in fight against Russia | NPR', 'keywords': ['troops', 'ministry', 'kyiv', 'steel', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'russian', 'russia', 'forces', 'promises', 'fight', 'zelenskyy', 'aid'], 'polarity': 0.059, 'subjectivity': 0.238, 'link': 'https://www.kcrw.com/news/shows/npr/npr-story/1094588767', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:56', 'summary': 'Zelenskyy said it was a mistake for Guterres to visit Russia before Ukraine.\nFrance has played a leading role in international efforts to punish Russia with sanctions and is supplying weapons systems to Ukraine.\nFor the Donbas offensive, Russia has reassembled troops who fought around Kyiv and in northern Ukraine.\nThe British Ministry of Defense said Ukrainian forces had repelled numerous assaults in the past week and "inflicted significant cost on Russian forces."\nIts capture would deprive Ukraine of a vital port, free up Russian troops to fight elsewhere, and allow Moscow to establish a land corridor to the Crimean Peninsula, which it seized from Ukraine in 2014.', 'channel': 'kcrw.com', 'text': 'KYIV, Ukraine — Top American officials promised Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy hundreds of millions of dollars in new aid during the highest-level U.S. visit to Ukraine since the start of the Russian invasion two months earlier, while Britain said Monday that Moscow has yet to achieve a significant breakthrough in its offensive in the eastern industrial heartland of the country.\n\nIn meetings with Zelenskyy in Kyiv, U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken and U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin said the United States had approved a $165 million sale of ammunition for Ukraine\'s war effort, along with more than $300 million in foreign military financing.\n\nThe pledges came Sunday, the 60th day since the start of the invasion, as Ukraine pressed the West for more powerful weapons against Russia\'s campaign in the Donbas region of eastern Ukraine, where Moscow\'s forces sought to dislodge the last Ukrainian troops in the battered port of Mariupol.\n\nBritain\'s Ministry of Defense said Monday that Ukrainian troops holed up in a steel plant in the strategic city were tying down Russian forces, and keeping them from being added to the offensive elsewhere in the Donbas.\n\n"Many Russian units remain fixed in the city and cannot be redeployed," the ministry said in a statement posted on Twitter. "Ukraine\'s defense of Mariupol has also exhausted many Russian units and reduced their combat effectiveness."\n\nThe ministry added that, so far, Russia has only made "minor advances in some areas since shifting its focus to fully occupying the Donbas."\n\n"Without sufficient logistical and combat support enablers in place, Russia has yet to achieve a significant breakthrough," the ministry said.\n\nOn the diplomatic front, U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres was scheduled to travel to Turkey on Monday and then Moscow and Kyiv. Zelenskyy said it was a mistake for Guterres to visit Russia before Ukraine.\n\n"Why? To hand over signals from Russia? What should we look for?" Zelenskyy said Saturday. "There are no corpses scattered on the Kutuzovsky Prospect," he said, referring to one of Moscow\'s main avenues.\n\nIn a boost in support for Ukraine, French President Emmanuel Macron comfortably won a second term Sunday over far-right challenger Marine Le Pen, who had pledged to dilute France\'s ties with the European Union and NATO. Le Pen had also spoken out against EU sanctions on Russian energy and had faced scrutiny during the campaign over her previous friendliness with the Kremlin.\n\nMacron\'s victory was hailed by France\'s allies in the EU as a reassuring sign of stability and continued support for Ukraine. France has played a leading role in international efforts to punish Russia with sanctions and is supplying weapons systems to Ukraine.\n\n"We have a lot to do and the war in Ukraine reminds us that we are going through tragic times where France must make its voice heard," Macron told a cheering crowd in his victory speech.\n\nZelenskyy\'s meeting with U.S. officials, his first face-to-face talks with a top American official since a Feb. 19 meeting in Munich with Vice President Kamala Harris, took place as Ukrainians and Russians observed Orthodox Easter. Speaking from Kyiv\'s ancient St. Sophia Cathedral, Zelenskyy, who is Jewish, highlighted its significance to a nation wracked by nearly two months of war.\n\n"The great holiday today gives us great hope and unwavering faith that light will overcome darkness, good will overcome evil, life will overcome death, and therefore Ukraine will surely win!" he said.\n\nTo Ukraine\'s north on the Russian side of the border, a fire erupted early Monday at an oil depot, but no immediate cause was given for the blaze in oil storage tanks.\n\nNASA satellites that track fires showed something burning at coordinates that corresponded to a Rosneft facility some 110 kilometers (70 miles) north of the Ukrainian border. Moscow previously has blamed Ukraine for attacks on the Russian region of Bryansk, which borders Ukraine.\n\nSince failing to capture Kyiv, the Russians have aimed to gain full control over the Donbas, the eastern industrial heartland, where Moscow-backed separatists controlled some territory before the war.\n\nFor the Donbas offensive, Russia has reassembled troops who fought around Kyiv and in northern Ukraine. The British Ministry of Defense said Ukrainian forces had repelled numerous assaults in the past week and "inflicted significant cost on Russian forces."\n\nIn the south of the Donbas, in the strategic port city of Mariupol, a small pocket of Ukrainian troops continues to hold out against Russian forces in the Azovstal steel factory, a sprawling facility on the waterfront.\n\nMariupol has endured fierce fighting since the start of the war because of its location on the Sea of Azov. Its capture would deprive Ukraine of a vital port, free up Russian troops to fight elsewhere, and allow Moscow to establish a land corridor to the Crimean Peninsula, which it seized from Ukraine in 2014.\n\nOver the weekend, Russian forces launched fresh airstrikes on the steel plant in an attempt to dislodge the estimated 2,000 fighters inside. An estimated 1,000 civilians are also sheltering in the building.\n\nNew satellite images by Planet Labs PBC, taken Sunday, show destroyed buildings across the steelworks and smoke rising from one part of the facility. Roofs have gaping holes; a soccer field is cratered from incoming fire.\n\nMore than 100,000 people — down from a prewar population of about 430,000 — are believed to remain in Mariupol with scant food, water or heat. Ukrainian authorities estimate more than 20,000 civilians have been killed. Recent satellite images showed what appeared to be mass graves to the west and east of Mariupol.\n\nChildren in an underground bunker were seen receiving Easter presents in a video released Sunday by the far-right Azov Battalion, which is among the Ukrainian forces at the steel plant in Mariupol. The group\'s deputy commander, Sviatoslav Palamar, said the video was shot at the plant.\n\nOne toddler is seen wearing homemade diapers made of cellophane and people are seen hanging laundry on makeshift hangers.\n\n"Please help us," one woman in the video said through tears, appealing to world leaders. "We want to live in our city, in our country. We are tired of these bombings, constant air strikes on our land. How much longer will this continue?"', 'image': 'https://media.npr.org/assets/img/2022/04/25/ap22114227388546_wide-9eb963956154c6aee1f3126351ab260ec33daaef.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:56'}
{'title': "Russia-Ukraine war: Moscow warns UK of ‘proportional response' if it continues ‘provoking' Ukraine to attack - live", 'keywords': ['proportional', 'military', 'told', 'response', 'gas', 'ukrainian', 'provoking', 'security', 'warns', 'russiaukraine', 'uk', 'ago', 'russian', 'russias'], 'polarity': 0.0084, 'subjectivity': 0.2422, 'link': 'https://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2022/apr/26/russia-ukraine-war-ukraine-foreign-minister-says-moscow-senses-defeat-us-set-to-host-talks-in-germany-on-arming-kyiv-live', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:45', 'summary': "From 8h ago 15.51 Russia warns Britain of immediate 'proportional response' for 'provoking' Ukraine to attack Russia’s defence ministry has warned of an immediate “proportional response” if Britain continues its “direct provocation” of Ukraine to strike targets in Russia, Reuters reports.\nUpdated at 22.51 BST2h ago 21.56 Russia’s gas company Gazprom is also halting gas deliveries to Bulgaria, AFP reported.\nThe US has given the Ukrainian military detailed intelligence and the location of Russian bomb strikes, giving Ukrainian forces time to react before the bombs hit.\nTold about consequences of russia's military aggression.\nWe know who they are.” Ukraine has accused the Russian military of executing civilians in Bucha that Russian troops occupied for several weeks before withdrawing.", 'channel': 'theguardian.com', 'text': 'From 8h ago 15.51 Russia warns Britain of immediate \'proportional response\' for \'provoking\' Ukraine to attack Russia’s defence ministry has warned of an immediate “proportional response” if Britain continues its “direct provocation” of Ukraine to strike targets in Russia, Reuters reports.\n\nThe ministry cited statements from the UK’s armed forces minister, James Heappey, that said Britain backs Ukrainian troops carrying out strikes in Russian territory. Speaking earlier today, Heappey said it was “not necessarily a problem” if Ukraine uses weapons donated by Britain. Russia’s defence ministry said: We would like to underline that London’s direct provocation of the Kiev regime into such actions, if such actions are carried out, will immediately lead to our proportional response. As we have warned, the Russian Armed Forces are in round-the-clock readiness to launch retaliatory strikes with high-precision long-range weapons at decision-making centers in Kyiv. The ministry added that if such Russian strikes were made, it would not necessarily be a problem if representatives of a certain Western country were located at those “decision-making centres” in Kyiv.\n\n\n\n13m ago 23.45 The UN General Assembly took a first step to put the five permanent members of the Security Council under a global spotlight on Tuesday when they use their veto power, a move highlighted by Russia’s veto and threat of future vetoes that has paralysed any action by the UN’s most powerful body on the Ukraine war, the Associated Press is reporting. The resolution does not eliminate or limit the veto power of the permanent members - the United States, Russia, China, Britain and France. But for the first time it will require the General Assembly “to hold a debate on the situation” that sparks a veto in the Security Council within 10 working days, and to give precedence on the list of speakers to the permanent member who cast the veto. The assembly isn’t required to take or consider any action, but the discussion could put veto-wielders on the spot and let a raft of other countries be heard. Liechtenstein’s UN ambassador, Christian Wenaweser, who spearheaded the resolution, has said it aims “to promote the voice of all of us who are not veto-holders, and who are not on the Security Council, on matters of international peace and security because they affect all of us.” Presenting the resolution to the assembly on Tuesday morning, Wenaweser alluded to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and the Security Council’s failure to take action saying: “There has never been a stronger need for effective multilateralism than today, and there has never been a stronger need for innovation in order to secure the central role and voice of the United Nations.”\n\n\n\n42m ago 23.17 Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelenskiy believes Russia is trying to destabilise the situation in the Transnistrian region, while Ukrainian armed forces are ready for a possible escalation by Russian troops in the temporarily occupied territory of the Republic of Moldova. Answering journalists’ questions after a meeting with IAEA director general Rafael Mariano Grossi in Kyiv, Zelenskiy said that he fully shares the assessment of the situation by Moldovan President Maia Sandu. Zelenskiy also said that he discussed that issue with Romanian Prime Minister Nicolae Ciucă who was in Kyiv on Tuesday. We clearly understand that this is one of the steps of the Russian Federation. The special services are working there. It’s not just about fake news. The goal is obvious - to destabilise the situation in the region, to threaten Moldova. They show that if Moldova supports Ukraine, there will be certain steps.” According to Zelenskiy, Ukraine knows that the Russian troops, which have been present in the territory of the temporarily occupied part of Moldova - Transnistria for many years, are in “constant readiness”. “But we understand their capabilities, the Armed Forces of Ukraine are ready for this and are not afraid of them,” he added.\n\nUpdated at 23.21 BST\n\n1h ago 22.54 Britain’s Foreign Minister Elizabeth Truss is expected to call on allies of Ukraine to “ramp up” military production including of planes and tanks, the AFP is reporting after reviewing a preview of a speech to be delivered on Wednesday. In her speech, called the new approach, Truss says the UK’s new approach “will be based on three areas: military strength, economic security and deeper global alliances”. “We cannot be complacent - the fate of Ukraine remains in the balance,” her speech reads. Russia’s victory will have “terrible consequences across the globe”, Truss is expected to say. “We must be prepared for the long haul and double down on our support for Ukraine. “Heavy weapons, tanks, aeroplanes – digging deep into our inventories, ramping up production. We need to do all of this.” “There must be nowhere for Putin to go to fund this appalling war,” her speech continues. “The architecture that was designed to guarantee peace and prosperity has failed Ukraine.” “We must also follow through on the unity shown in this crisis to reboot, recast and remodel our approach to deterring aggressors.” Truss will also call for “free nations” to be “more assertive and self-confident”, according to AFP.\n\nUpdated at 23.00 BST\n\n1h ago 22.31 A senior US defense official told reporters on Tuesday that the Department of Defense established a control center in Germany to assist in the distribution of US military aid to Ukraine, CNN is reporting. The control center, called the EUCOM Control Center of Ukraine or ECCU is based within the US European Command area of responsibility in Stuttgart, Germany. It’s run by a two-star military general and works with the international donor coordination center or IDCC.\n\n\n\n2h ago 22.18 White House press secretary Jen Psaki said while the US doesn’t expect to encounter any food shortages as a result of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the administration is working to “bolster food security around the globe” both independently and with allies. "We are not expecting a food shortage here at home, but we are acting to bolster food security around the globe both unilaterally and in conjunction with allies and partners," given shortages due to Russia\'s war on Ukraine, @PressSec says. pic.twitter.com/g3rlBdh23Z — Jennifer Jacobs (@JenniferJJacobs) April 26, 2022 On Monday, US Deputy Ambassador Richard M Mills told the UN security council that the war in Ukraine may cause food shortages in Palestine. “Due to President Putin’s unprovoked aggression against Ukraine, food insecurity could worsen even further in the coming weeks, both in Gaza and the West Bank as prices of food, fuel and other commodities rise,” Mills told the UNSC. “We encourage all member states to provide concrete assistance, including financial contributions to UNRWA, to help meet the needs of vulnerable Palestinians,” he continued.\n\nUpdated at 22.51 BST\n\n2h ago 21.56 Russia’s gas company Gazprom is also halting gas deliveries to Bulgaria, AFP reported. In addition to Poland, Gazprom has announced that it would stop delivering gas to Bulgaria after demanding that countries pay for gas in rubles. Gazprom executives were quoted by Russian news agencies as saying “Poland must pay for gas supplies according to the new payment procedure”. However, it was not immediately clear whether Bulgaria has refused to pay in rubles as well. “Bulgargaz received a notification today, April 26, that natural gas supplies from Gazprom Export will be suspended starting April 27,” Bulgaria’s economy ministry said in a statement. More from AFP: Bulgaria’s energy ministry also said Tuesday that its state-owned gas operators Bulgargaz and Bulgartransgaz “have undertaken steps for alternative agreements for natural gas deliveries and for coping with the current situation”. “At present, there is no need for (imposing) any restrictive measures on consumption,” it added. Bulgaria is almost completely dependent on Russia for its annual consumption of about 3.0 billion cubic metres of gas. The Balkan nation receives only small amounts from Azerbaijan that it hopes to increase after completing a key pipe link to neighbouring Greece later this year.\n\n\n\n2h ago 21.32 Bulgarian Prime Minister Kiril Petkov will be visiting Kyiv this week in an attempt to address opposition from Bulgaria’s pro-Russian groups to the proposition to send Ukraine military aid, AFP is reporting. Petkov and representatives of all of the parties in the ruling coalition except for the Socialists expect to be in Kyiv on Thursday. More context from AFP: Petkov invited his coalition partners to accompany him to Kyiv in a bid to overcome the pro-Russia Socialists’ opposition to providing military aid to Ukraine, as the party threatened to topple the cabinet if such a decision were approved.\n\n“I hope that... everyone will take a step back and will consider how important Bulgaria’s stability is and how important this is for the Ukrainians,” Petkov, who favours giving military aid, told Nova television in an interview last Friday. But the Socialists decided earlier Tuesday not to send a representative in the delegation, with their leader Kornelia Ninova telling BNT television the visit was “pointless” and “would hardly change our position” against arms donations. Bulgaria has remained one of the last hold-outs in the EU in turning down Ukraine’s requests for direct military aid. This remained the case even after Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba made a three-day visit to Sofia last week, urging the country “to make a choice” and provide military support. The Balkan country, which traditionally has close ties with Russia, is a big manufacturer of Soviet-era ammunition, anti-tank missiles and light arms.\n\nUpdated at 21.33 BST\n\n3h ago 21.17 Johana Bhuiyan here taking over from my colleague, Lauren. Vladimir Putin agrees “in principle” to the UN and the International Committee for the Red Cross on evacuating civilians from a steel plant in the besieged city of Mariupol, Reuters is reporting. The steel plant, Azovstal, is where the last Ukrainian forces who were defending Mariupol are hunkered down. The discussions about the involvement of the two entities were held in a meeting between Putin and UN secretary-general Antonio Guterres in Moscow on Tuesday. “Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defence Ministry,” UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after the meeting. More from Reuters: Earlier on Tuesday, Putin told Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan that there were no military operations underway in Mariupol and that Kyiv should “take responsibility” for the people holed up in the Azovstal steel plant. Ukraine on Monday appealed for the United Nations and the ICRC to be involved in the evacuation of civilians from Azovstal. Guterres is expected to meet with Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskiy in Kyiv on Thursday. During a news conference with Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov, Guterres said he has proposed a “Humanitarian Contact Group” of Russia, Ukraine and UN officials “to look for opportunities for the opening of safe corridors, with local cessations of hostilities, and to guarantee that they are actually effective”.\n\nUpdated at 21.44 BST\n\n3h ago 20.59 Ned Price, spokesperson for the US state department, said in a press conference today that the US Embassy team in Ukraine travelled from Poland to Lviv today. On Sunday, during his meeting with Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelenskiy, state secretary Antony Blinken said that the US plans to bolster diplomatic presence in Ukraine. The Deputy Chief of Mission for the US Embassy in Ukraine and members of the Embassy team traveled to Lviv today, @StateDeptSpox confirms. “Today\'s travel was a first step ahead of more regular travel in the immediate future,” he says, noting it was temporary for now. — Jennifer Hansler (@jmhansler) April 26, 2022\n\nUpdated at 21.41 BST\n\n3h ago 20.39 Boris Johnson said that Facebook has agreed to take down a video of Aiden Aslin, a British prisoner of war being held in Donetsk by Russian forces. The video is believed to be Russian propaganda, and shows Aslin being accused of serving as a mercenary. Aslin was captured while fighting in Mariupol. He and Shaun Pinner, another British soldier, surrendered once they ran out of supplies and ammunition. Friends and family of the two men have been speaking out about concerns over their condition in captivity. Facebook had initially refused to remove the video, despite appeals from Aslin’s family. Johnson told TalkTV that culture secretary Nadine Dorries personally reached out to Nick Clegg, former deputy prime minister, who currently serves as president for global affairs at Facebook, about the video. Facebook then agreed to remove the video. Boris Johnson tells The News Desk that Facebook has agreed to take down a video of Ukraine prisoner of war Aiden Aslin after his mother made an appeal on TalkTV yesterday evening.@tnewtondunn | @BorisJohnson | #TalkTVpic.twitter.com/1oIYgbdu8a — TalkTV (@TalkTV) April 26, 2022\n\nUpdated at 20.59 BST\n\n4h ago 20.23 A new report from NBC News reveals the extent to which US intelligence has been assisting Ukrainian forces. The US has given the Ukrainian military detailed intelligence and the location of Russian bomb strikes, giving Ukrainian forces time to react before the bombs hit. Here’s more from NBC News: As Russia launched its invasion, the US gave Ukrainian forces detailed intelligence about exactly when and where Russian missiles and bombs were intended to strike, prompting Ukraine to move air defenses and aircraft out of harm’s way, current and former US officials told NBC News. That near real-time intelligence-sharing also paved the way for Ukraine to shoot down a Russian transport plane carrying hundreds of troops in the early days of the war, the officials say, helping repel a Russian assault on a key airport near Kyiv. It was part of what American officials call a massive and unprecedented intelligence-sharing operation with a non-NATO partner that they say has played a crucial role in Ukraine’s success to date against the larger and better-equipped Russian military. The details about the air defenses and the transport plane, which have not previously been reported, underscore why, two months into the war, officials assess that intelligence from US spy agencies and the Pentagon has been an important factor in helping Ukraine thwart Russia’s effort to seize most of the country. “From the get-go, we leaned pretty heavily forward in sharing both strategic and actionable intelligence with Ukraine,” a US official briefed on the matter told NBC News. “It’s been impactful both at a tactical and strategic level. There are examples where you could tell a pretty clear story that this made a major difference.” In a statement, a spokesperson for the White House National Security Council said, “We are regularly providing detailed, timely intelligence to the Ukrainians on the battlefield to help them defend their country against Russian aggression and will continue to do so.”\n\nUpdated at 20.59 BST\n\n4h ago 19.31 This is Lauren Aratani taking over for Léonie Chao-Fong. Ukrainian officials met with the Romanian prime minister Nicolae Ciuca and speaker Marcel Ciolacu today, Ukrainian prime minister Denys Shmyhal tweeted. Met with 🇷🇴 PM @NicolaeCiuca & Speaker @CiolacuMarcel. Told about consequences of russia\'s military aggression. Discussed 🇺🇦\'s current needs for victory & fast recovery. Grateful for medical and humanitarian support of 🇺🇦 & constant help to Ukrainians. Let\'s stop russia together! pic.twitter.com/nltPyzSPf5 — Denys Shmyhal (@Denys_Shmyhal) April 26, 2022 Earlier today, a missile hit a strategic bridge between the two countries that connected the Odesa region across the Dniester estuary.\n\n\n\n5h ago 19.13 Pjotr Sauer The Guardian’s Russia affairs correspondent Pjotr Sauer reports: Russian president Vladimir Putin told the UN secretary-general, António Guterres on Tuesday evening that peace talks with Ukraine are continuing via a video link and that he hopes they would bring “some positive outcome”. Putin, separated from Guterres by a long table, also repeated his earlier claims that Moscow was not involved in the alleged atrocities that took place in Bucha earlier this month. “Russia was faced with provocation in Bucha, something the Russian side had nothing to do with,” Putin said during the meeting in the Kremlin. “Russian forces had no connections to Bucha. We know who did it. We know who prepared this provocation, the means they used. We know who they are.” Ukraine has accused the Russian military of executing civilians in Bucha that Russian troops occupied for several weeks before withdrawing. Putin further blamed Ukraine for stalling the negotiation process, saying he would not sign a security guarantee agreement with Ukraine without the territorial questions of Crimea and Donbas being resolved. “Nevertheless, talks are ongoing, and they are going in an online format,” Putin said “I hope this will lead us to some positive outcome.” The Russian leader also said that there were currently “no direct military operations” going on around the besieged Azovstal steelworks. “It is simple really … The military operations have ended there. They have stopped. Part of the armed forces of Ukraine who were deployed in other industrial areas have surrendered. Almost 1,300 people,” Putin said. “Yes we hear there are civilians there, the Ukrainian army must release them or they are acting as terrorists like Isis in Syria.”\n\nUpdated at 19.41 BST\n\n5h ago 18.59 Russia to halt gas supply to Poland, government told Daniel Boffey Poland’s government has been told that the country’s gas supply from Russia will stop from Wednesday following Warsaw’s refusal to pay its supplier, Gazprom, in roubles. The decision to stop supply at 8am CET had also followed Poland’s announcement earlier on Tuesday that it was imposing sanctions on 50 entities and individuals including Russia’s biggest gas company. In a hastily arranged press conference, Polish ministers said they had sufficient supplies of gas to weather the interruption but accused Gazprom of a breach of contract. Poland has been pushing the EU and other western allies to go further in punishing the Kremlin for its invasion of Ukraine. PGNiG, Poland’s largest gas supplier, has said it would file a breach of contract lawsuit.\n\n', 'image': 'https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/2d9a0109116137e08f263d606ebd1967c945be55/0_397_6720_4032/master/6720.jpg?width=1200&height=630&quality=85&auto=format&fit=crop&overlay-align=bottom%2Cleft&overlay-width=100p&overlay-base64=L2ltZy9zdGF0aWMvb3ZlcmxheXMvdGctbGl2ZS5wbmc&enable=upscale&s=4fa2caefd5eb158723f67cf4182b20b7', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:45'}
{'title': 'Poland and Romania ask to be punished with Russian Caliber missiles', 'keywords': ['kiev', 'ask', 'missiles', 'ukraine', 'logistics', 'punished', 'arms', 'russia', 'weapons', 'caliber', 'territory', 'countries', 'romania', 'military', 'nato', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0424, 'subjectivity': 0.2434, 'link': 'https://english.pravda.ru/world/151458-poland_romania/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:36', 'summary': 'Poland and Romania are the first to ask for it.\nEvery time when they sell weapons to Ukraine, European countries fear that they will become a party to military action and "Putin\'s wrath".\nHungarian Foreign Minister Péter Szijjártó said during a visit to Kosovo that Hungary had no plans to supply lethal weapons to Ukraine.\n"By supplying weapons, Germany and other NATO countries have de facto made themselves a party to the war.\nPoland is next on the list - this country serves as a transit point for all arms shipments from Western countries to Ukraine.', 'channel': 'english.pravda.ru', 'text': 'Poland and Romania are first candidates for Calibre missile strikes\n\nHaving acknowledged the legitimacy of Ukraine\'s strikes against military facilities on the Russian territory, London has justified air strikes against logistics chains in a number of NATO countries that supply arms to Kiev. Poland and Romania are the first to ask for it.\n\nJames Heappey, UK\'s Under-Secretary of State for the Armed Forces, told Times Radio that Ukraine had a legal right to strike military facilities on the Russian territory to disrupt the logistics of the Russian Armed Forces.\n\nIt is “completely legitimate for Ukraine to be targeting in Russia’s depth in order to disrupt the logistics that if they weren’t disrupted would directly contribute to death and carnage on Ukrainian soil," Heappey said.\n\nCommenting on this statement, Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said that in order to disrupt military logistics, Russia could strike military targets on the territory of a number of NATO countries that supply arms to the Kiev regime.\n\n"Do we have the right understanding here? After all, it directly leads to deaths and bloodshed on Ukrainian territory. As far as I understand, Britain is one of those countries," Zakharova clarified in her Telegram channel.\n\nEvery time when they sell weapons to Ukraine, European countries fear that they will become a party to military action and "Putin\'s wrath". The head of the German Foreign Office, Annalena Baerbock, expressed her concerns on he matter.\n\n"We at the government are united in saying that we will not become a party to the conflict," she said during a press conference on April 20.\n\nHungary shares a different point of view. Hungarian Foreign Minister Péter Szijjártó said during a visit to Kosovo that Hungary had no plans to supply lethal weapons to Ukraine. In addition, Hungary does not allow their transit to Kiev, as they "could become targets to hostile military actions".\n\n"We are not getting involved in this war," the minister explained.\n\nIncidentally, a group of German public figures wrote an open letter to German Chancellor Olaf Scholz calling for arms shipments to Ukraine to end, as this "drags Germany into war".\n\n"By supplying weapons, Germany and other NATO countries have de facto made themselves a party to the war. Ukraine has thus become a battleground in a conflict between NATO and Russia over security rules in Europe that has been escalating for years," the letter claims.\n\nPrimary targets for Caliber missiles\n\nActive suppliers of lethal weapons to Nazi Kiev regime are:\n\nCzech Republic,\n\nPoland,\n\nSlovenia,\n\nTurkey,\n\nGermany,\n\nUSA.\n\nMany do so unofficially, e.g. Bulgaria.\n\nRussian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said that negotiations on Ukraine were unlikely to be effective if Kiev continues to receive arms shipments from other countries. In the United States, CNN sources describe arms supplies to Ukraine as an investment in neutralising Russia\'s army and navy for a decade to come. Pentagon chief Lloyd Austin\'s recent statements about his intention to "weaken Russia" through military aid to Ukraine are a cynical reminder of NATO being an aggressive organisation that targets Russia in the first place.\n\nWhere can Russia strike western logistics and military facilities?\n\nThis could be Romania in the first place. Romania may now invade Transnistria to save its Moldovan brothers there.\n\nPoland is next on the list - this country serves as a transit point for all arms shipments from Western countries to Ukraine.\n\nThese countries will not survive a Caliber missile attack either physically or mentally. It would indeed be a prelude to Third World War, but US allies would be the first to lose it as they misbehave.', 'image': 'https://english.pravda.ru/image/preview/article//4/5/8/151458_soc.jpeg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:36'}
{'title': 'Almaty Resident Who Fought Against Ukrainian Troops In Donbas Gets Life For Murdering Five People', 'keywords': ['gets', 'troops', 'fought', 'war', 'civilians', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'donbas', 'ukraine', 'meeting', 'russia', 'resident', 'united', 'told', 'life', 'russian', 'murdering'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/kazakhstan-almaty-duzhnov-guilty-murder/31822148.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:05', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there.\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/9de4621f-ae8c-4e2b-a935-4a2de61f47c2_cx0_cy18_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:05'}
{'title': 'Belarusian Rights Activists Go On Trial Seen As Politically Motivated', 'keywords': ['war', 'civilians', 'putin', 'politically', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'seen', 'meeting', 'told', 'russia', 'rights', 'united', 'belarusian', 'motivated', 'activists', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/belarus-vyasna-rabkova-trial/31820502.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:36', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/36528D29-C3B1-4F3B-83BB-91F76D288F72_cx0_cy31_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:36'}
{'title': 'Ethnic Kalmyk Founder Of Clothing Brand Flees Russia Amid Threats', 'keywords': ['war', 'civilians', 'putin', 'founder', 'ukrainian', 'amid', 'ukraine', 'clothing', 'meeting', 'ethnic', 'united', 'told', 'threats', 'flees'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/kalmyk-nonrussian-brand-xenophobia/31820307.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:24', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nThey have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/01e90000-0aff-0242-faa9-08da25cb2776_cx0_cy10_cw0_w1200_r1.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:24'}
{'title': 'First Leader Of Independent Belarus, Stanislau Shushkevich, In Intensive Care', 'keywords': ['war', 'civilians', 'belarus', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'stanislau', 'meeting', 'russia', 'leader', 'independent', 'told', 'russian', 'united'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/belarus-shushkevich-intensive-care/31821748.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:50', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/F1298B4A-D480-4C63-BB25-09D127102BD5_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:50'}
{'title': 'Gazprom Informs Bulgaria, Poland Of Plans To Suspend Gas Deliveries', 'keywords': ['war', 'suspend', 'civilians', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'russian', 'meeting', 'bulgaria', 'informs', 'plans', 'told', 'deliveries', 'united'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/poland-russia-gas-cut-gazprom/31822386.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:21', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/2ED3AF50-E135-48F8-B1B5-2BFEDB2AE3E1_cx0_cy2_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:21'}
{'title': "Kazakh Minister Sees No Problem With Russian Motorcycle Producer's Plan To Move Due To Sanctions", 'keywords': ['producers', 'war', 'civilians', 'kazakh', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'minister', 'ukraine', 'meeting', 'told', 'russia', 'sees', 'plan', 'problem', 'russian', 'united'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/kazkahstan-ural-motorcycles-relocation-sanctions/31822050.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:53', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\nBut he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/C3D0CE0C-AFDB-4100-9BFE-AE0E2A49004B_w1200_r1.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:53'}
{'title': 'Kazakh President Steps Down As Ruling Party Chairman', 'keywords': ['steps', 'president', 'war', 'civilians', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'meeting', 'russia', 'united', 'told', 'chairman', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/kazakhstan-toqaev-ruling-party/31821817.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:42', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/08810000-0a00-0242-5ee2-08d9d19e8c5e_cx0_cy4_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:42'}
{'title': "Moldova's President Says Transdniester Attacks Are An Attempt To Escalate Tensions", 'keywords': ['war', 'moldovas', 'president', 'civilians', 'putin', 'tensions', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'attempt', 'meeting', 'told', 'russia', 'attacks', 'escalate', 'russian', 'united'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/moldova-transdniester-radio-blasts/31821443.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:28', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/c3750000-0aff-0242-bed6-08d9f0834c26_cx0_cy6_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:28'}
{'title': "Moscow Courts Fine Meta, TikTok For Failing To Delete 'Illegal' Content", 'keywords': ['told', 'war', 'failing', 'ukrainian', 'delete', 'tiktok', 'moscow', 'content', 'courts', 'united', 'russian', 'illegal', 'civilians', 'putin', 'ukraine', 'meeting'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/russia-fines-meta-facebook-instagram/31821728.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:19', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/027a0000-0aff-0242-872d-08da0c2d2297_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:19'}
{'title': 'New Probe Into 2005 Death Of Kazakh Opposition Leader Rejected', 'keywords': ['war', 'civilians', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'opposition', '2005', 'death', 'meeting', 'russia', 'probe', 'leader', 'rejected', 'told', 'russian', 'united'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/kazakhstan-nurqadilov-investigation-denied/31820631.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:30', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/D5E6F247-8CCF-41B1-8E83-4F946E881520_cx0_cy4_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:30'}
{'title': 'Pussy Riot Member Added To Wanted List After Sentence Changed To Prison Term', 'keywords': ['told', 'list', 'war', 'term', 'ukrainian', 'sentence', 'member', 'russia', 'united', 'russian', 'civilians', 'putin', 'ukraine', 'prison', 'added', 'meeting', 'changed'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/pussy-riot-alyokhina-wanted/31821712.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:42', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/a9cf8913-1eec-4c72-a4db-e3e0b0ca3c98_cx0_cy2_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:42'}
{'title': 'Putin Tells Guterres He Still Has Hope For Negotiated Agreement With Ukraine', 'keywords': ['guterres', 'war', 'putin', 'civilians', 'ukrainian', 'meeting', 'negotiated', 'told', 'agreement', 'hope', 'tells', 'united'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/ukraine-kreminna-russian-losses/31821314.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:55', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/024c0000-0aff-0242-4a49-08da27b6f8cd_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:55'}
{'title': 'Rights Group Urges Russia To Allow Civilians Out Of Mariupol, Calls On UN To Do More', 'keywords': ['calls', 'urges', 'war', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'russian', 'russia', 'meeting', 'group', 'rights', 'united', 'told', 'allow'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/mariupol-hrw-civilians-un/31821477.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:03', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nHe also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/024c0000-0aff-0242-1d9e-08da27486f6e_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:03'}
{'title': 'Russia Expels 40 German Diplomats In Tit-For-Tat Move', 'keywords': ['40', 'war', 'civilians', 'putin', 'titfortat', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'russian', 'meeting', 'united', 'told', 'diplomats'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/russia-expels-german-diplomats/31820355.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:31', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nHe also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\nThey have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/084a0000-0aff-0242-b9e9-08d9dfd1dec4_cx0_cy5_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:31'}
{'title': "UN Chief Again Calls For Ukraine Cease-Fire, Meets With Russia's Lavrov", 'keywords': ['russias', 'chief', 'calls', 'war', 'civilians', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'meeting', 'lavrov', 'united', 'meets', 'told', 'ceasefire', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/russia-guterres-lavrov-putin/31821762.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:51', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/024f0000-0aff-0242-2919-08da27725df0_cx0_cy3_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:51'}
{'title': "Ukraine Says Targeting Of Separatists' Building In Transdniester Was Provocation By Russia", 'keywords': ['building', 'war', 'civilians', 'putin', 'targeting', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'russia', 'meeting', 'united', 'separatists', 'told', 'provocation', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/transdniester-tiraspol-security-attack/31820545.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:51', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/02130000-0aff-0242-c1f7-08da26d15f1b_cx0_cy77_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:51'}
{'title': 'Ukraine: Zelenskyy meets Blinken, Austin in Kyiv, says Ukrainian official - as it happened', 'keywords': ['war', 'president', 'kyiv', 'zelenskyy', 'blinken', 'russia', 'easter', 'defense', 'orthodox', 'meets', 'russian', 'military'], 'polarity': 0.0316, 'subjectivity': 0.2548, 'link': 'https://www.dw.com/en/ukraine-zelenskyy-meets-blinken-austin-in-kyiv-says-ukrainian-official-as-it-happened/a-61571371?maca=en-rss-en-eu-2092-rdf', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:13', 'summary': "Zelenskyy meets Blinken, Austin in Kyiv, says Ukraine officialAn adviser to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said Sunday night that US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin were meeting with the Ukrainian leader in Kyiv.\nEarlier on Sunday, Ukraine also called for a truce as both Russia and Ukraine mark Orthodox Easter this Sunday.\nIn addition to young people, doctors were being targeted in the Kherson, Zaporizhzhia, and Kharkiv regions, Ukrainian military officials wrote on Facebook.\nAuthorities cautioned residents about the potential for increased Russian military activity during holiday celebrations.\nTwo Russian generals have been killed near Kherson, the Ukrainian Defense Ministry's intelligence directorate has said.", 'channel': 'dw.com', 'text': 'Kyiv calls on Russia to declare \'Easter truce\' in Mariupol\n\nRussia says it hit arms depots near Kharkiv\n\nUkraine wants equipment to operate its nuclear power plants — IAEA\n\nRussian forces attempting to storm Azovstal plant in Mariupol\n\nThis live updates article is now closed. For our latest coverage on Monday, follow our live updates here.\n\nUK says Russia is planning \'referendum\' in Kherson\n\nThe UK Ministry of Defense said Russia was planning a "staged referendum in the southern city of Kherson aimed at justifying its occupation."\n\nIt follows a similar assessment by Ukraine earlier in the week that warned Russia was planning sham referendums to take control of occupied territories in the south of the country.\n\nIn 2014, Russia held a sham referendum in Crimea to retrospectively justify its annexation of the territory.\n\nRussia could use the referendum to declare a so-called Kherson people\'s republic similar to the self-declared republics in Luhansk and Donetsk.\n\nBritish military intelligence highlighted the fact that Russia\'s own domestic elections have been beset by allegations of vote-rigging and have seen high-profile opposition politicians blocked from running.\n\nZelenskyy meets Blinken, Austin in Kyiv, says Ukraine official\n\nAn adviser to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said Sunday night that US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin were meeting with the Ukrainian leader in Kyiv.\n\nThe adviser, Oleksiy Arestovych, said in an interview on Ukrainian TV late Sunday that the talks are going on "right now."\n\nThe trip by two of President Joe Biden\'s top cabinet members was kept closely under wraps. The White House has not confirmed any visit. The State Department and Pentagon declined to comment.\n\nZelenskyy earlier said he was "expecting specific things and specific weapons" from world leaders who come to the country. He said he would ask Blinken and Austin for more powerful weapons during their talks.\n\nNo humanitarian routes out of Mariupol on Sunday\n\nIryna Vereshchuk, Ukraine\'s Deputy Prime Minister, said that no humanitarian routes were established to bring civilians and the wounded out of Mariupol on Sunday.\n\nVereshchuk blamed Russian forces for continuing their siege on the southern port city that has faced weeks of bombardment.\n\nThe Ukrainian side would try again on Monday, Vereshchuk said. She called on UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres to demand a ceasefire "if he is preparing to talk about peace" ahead of his travels to Moscow and then Kyiv next week.\n\nUN: Almost 5.2 million Ukrainian refugees since war started\n\nThe UN refugee agency said 5,186,744 Ukrainians have fled since the start of Russia\'s invasion, an increase of 23,058 on Saturday\'s figures.\n\nIn April so far, more than 1,151,000 Ukrainians have fled their country compared with 3.4 million during the month of March.\n\nUN High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi wrote on Twitter that this Orthodox Easter "will be another day of fear, anguish, loss and separation from loved ones, as war continues to rage without mercy."\n\nThe International Organization of Migration (IOM) estimates that more than 7.7 million people are internally displaced within Ukraine.\n\nLuhansk governor says shelling kills civilians\n\nSerhiy Gaidai, the regional governor of Luhansk, said several civilians were killed by Russian shelling on Orthodox Easter Sunday.\n\nIn a video address to mark the holiday, Gaidai said, "Today, once again, civilians have died. Our compatriots. The (Russians) do not hold anything sacred."\n\nRussian forces attempting to storm Azovstal plant in Mariupol\n\nUkrainian presidential adviser Oleksiy Arestovych has said Sunday Russian forces are again attempting to storm the Azovstal steel plant in Mariupol where Ukrainian forces and civilians are sheltering following a weeks-long siege of the southern port city.\n\nOn Facebook, Arestovych wrote, "Russian troops are trying to finish off the defenders of Azovstal and more than 1,000 civilians who are hiding at the plant."\n\nRussian troops have surrounded the plant since early March. On Saturday, Ukrainian officials issued similar warnings and said Russian forces were laying siege to the plant.\n\nPope Francis appeals for truce again\n\nThe blue and yellow Ukrainian flag flew among those gathered on St. Peter\'s Square in the Vatican this Orthodox Easter weekend as Pope Francis appealed again for a truce in Ukraine.\n\nHe called for an easing of "the suffering of exhausted people."\n\nFrancis added that, "Instead of halting, the war has become worse."\n\nEchoing the calls of senior Ukrainian government officials, Francis said, "I renew the appeal for an Easter truce, the smallest tangible sign of a willingness for peace."\n\nRussia\'s US envoy says consulates\' bank accounts closed\n\nRussian ambassador Anatoly Antonov said Sunday that the work of Russian diplomatic missions in the US was essentially "blockaded" by US government entities.\n\n"Accounts of our two consulates in Houston and New York have been closed by Bank of America," Antonov was quoted as saying by the RIA news agency.\n\nHe also said Russian diplomatic sites were receiving threats via telephone and in the mail.\n\nOSCE says members captured in Donetsk and Luhansk\n\nThe Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) said it is "extremely concerned" about the detention of several members of its monitoring mission in the eastern part of the country.\n\nIn a brief tweet, the Vienna-based organization said several of its mission members "have been deprived of their liberty in Donetsk and Luhansk" and that OSCE was "using all available channels to facilitate their release."\n\nAn OSCE spokesperson failed to provide specifics such as how many Ukrainian nationals involved in the monitoring mission had been detained or when or who may be holding them. Several OSCE observers have been killed or injured since the monitoring mission in eastern Ukraine began eight years ago.\n\nRussia recently vetoed extending the mission. It is one of 57 participating member states that form the OSCE.\n\nUN says fighting in Mariupol should stop \'right now\'\n\n"The lives of tens of thousands, including women, children and older people, are at stake in Mariupol," the UN\'s coordinator for the Ukraine crisis, Amin Awad, warned.\n\n"We need a pause in fighting right now to save lives," he said in a statement. "They must be allowed to safely evacuate now, today. Tomorrow could be too late."\n\nRussia claims to control the entirety of the port city save for a steelworks plant where several thousands of Ukrainian fighters are holed up. Earlier on Sunday, Ukraine also called for a truce as both Russia and Ukraine mark Orthodox Easter this Sunday.\n\nMoscow blocks leading chess site\n\nChess.com, one of the most popular chess websites in the world, is now inaccessible in Russia. According to the Interfax news agency, the country\'s media supervisor Roskomnadzor has blocked two of its pages with information about the war in Ukraine.\n\nRussian prosecutors demanded the move on Saturday. As the site uses https network protocol, barring the access to those pages has reportedly caused the entire site to be inaccessible in Russia.\n\nPreviously, Russian grandmaster Sergei Karjakin had called for the pages with information about what Russia calls its "special military operations" in Ukraine to be blocked.\n\nRussia claims it struck arms depots in the Kharkiv region\n\nThe Russian Ministry of Defense said Sunday that it had struck nine Ukrainian military targets overnight.\n\nIncluded among those targets were four arms depots in the Kharkiv region where artillery is stored and a facility producing military grade explosives in Dnipropetrovsk.\n\nWatch video 02:39 A village in Ukraine marks Good Friday in wartime\n\nUkrainian negotiator calls for a \'real Easter truce\'\n\nMykhailo Podoliak, the senior Ukrainian negotiator and presidential advisor, urged a "real Easter truce" as both Ukraine and Russia mark Orthodox Easter.\n\nOn Twitter, Podoliak also urged a humanitarian corridor out of the besieged southeastern port city of Mariupol.\n\n"Russia is continuously attacking the Mariupol Azovstal. The place where our civilians and military are located, is shelled with heavy air bombs and artillery."\n\nPodoliak urged Russia to "think of the remnants of its reputation."\n\nUkraine says Russia deployed Iskander-M missile launchers near border\n\nRussia has moved Iskander-M missile launchers to sites within 60 kilometers (40 miles) of Ukraine\'s border, said the General Staff of Ukraine\'s Armed Forces.\n\nThe mobile ballistic Iskander system has a range of up to 500 kilometers and is armed with two guided missiles capable of carrying both conventional and nuclear warheads.\n\n"The enemy has increased the number of troops in (Russia\'s) Belgorod region by transferring and concentrating additional units," Ukraine\'s Armed Forces said in their daily morning update.\n\nWatch video 03:24 Missile attack on Odesa during Orthodox Easter\n\nZelenskyy hopes for \'eternal harmony\' following peace in Ukraine\n\nIn his message for Orthodox Easter, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that the holiday is a reminder that "light wins over darkness," therefore "Ukraine must win!"\n\nZelenskyy said Ukrainians were praying for a day of "great peace" in Ukraine which would bring "eternal harmony and prosperity."\n\nThe politician recorded the video message at the Cathedral of St. Sophia in Kyiv where "a thousand years ago, on the field of the holy battle, the army of Kievan Rus-Ukraine defeated the [medival Turkic nations of] Pechenegs," Zelenskyy noted.\n\nBoth Russia and Ukraine trace their countries\' origins to the medieval state of Kievan Rus. The Kremlin has argued that because of this, Ukraine\'s national identity is virtually identical to Russia\'s; Kyiv strongly objects.\n\nMeanwhile, Patriarch Bartholomew, the spiritual leader of the world\'s Eastern Orthodox Christians, called from Istanbul for humanitarian corridors to be opened in Ukraine where he said "an indescribable human tragedy is unfolding."\n\n"We call once again for an immediate end to the fratricidal war, which, like any war, undermines human dignity," Bartholomew added.\n\nSwitzerland impedes German arms deliveries: report\n\nSwitzerland has blocked the re-export from Germany to Ukraine of Swiss-produced ammunition used in German-made Marder infantry fighting vehicles, according to the Swiss newspaper SonntagsZeitung.\n\nThe move by Switzerland, which maintains a neutral status, has held up arms deliveries by Germany at a time when Berlin is already under fire for failing to supply Ukraine with heavy weapons to help fight off Russia\'s invasion of the country.\n\nSwitzerland has gone against previous practice and adopted EU sanctions aimed at punishing Russia for its invasion, but has insisted its neutrality does not allow it to send arms to conflict zones. Swiss officials have previously rejected Poland\'s request for the Alpine state to send arms to Ukraine.\n\nThe Marder vehicles are made by German arms manufacturer Rheinmetall but use Swiss-manufactured ammunition.\n\nUK says Russian troops suffer from poor morale\n\nRussia has made "some territorial gains" since starting the ongoing offensive in the east of the country, according to UK military intelligence. At the same time, UK officials said that Ukraine provided strong resistance and inflicted significant losses on the Russian forces.\n\n"Poor Russian morale and limited time to reconstitute, re-equip and reorganize forces from prior offensives are likely hindering Russian combat effectiveness," they said on Twitter.\n\nUkraine governor says Russian attacks killed 8 in Luhansk\n\nRussian shelling killed eight people and injured two more in Luhansk in eastern Ukraine, according to governor Serhiy Gaidai. The Ukrainian official two more people were seriously injured, and no less than eight buildings were destroyed in the region, which is partially controlled by pro-Russian rebels.\n\nThe numbers could not be independently verified.\n\nWatch video 02:39 North of Kyiv, battle of Teterivske demonstrates \'imprecise\' Russian military style\n\nGermany reportedly to buy Chinook heavy transport helicopters\n\nGermany would buy 60 CH-47F Chinook heavy transport helicopters from Boeing worth around €5 billion ($5.4 billion), Bild am Sonntag newspaper reported, citing government sources.\n\nDeliveries would begin after 2025-2026, and the helicopters are said to replace the aging CH-53G Stallion rotorcraft.\n\nThe paper said the project will be funded from the €100 billion fund Chancellor Olaf Scholz announced in February to modernize the military.\n\nThe paper said Defense Minister Christine Lambrecht would inform the parliament of the decision next week, but a spokesperson for the ministry said no decision on helicopter purchases had been made yet.\n\nOpposition leader calls for German foreign and security policy review\n\nThe leader of Germany\'s opposition Christian Democratic Union (CDU), Friedrich Merz, has called for a review of German foreign and security policies over the past two decades.\n\n"The entire German foreign and security policies of the past 20 years are in ruins. When this war is over, we must carefully analyze how this happened," he told newspaper Bild am Sonntag.\n\nHe did not spare his own party, saying "serious failures" were made on defense over the past two decades.\n\n"Looking back, we must, unfortunately, say that all defense ministers of the past 20 years made wrong decisions about materiel and the condition of troops," Merz said.\n\nWatch video 04:21 Are Ukrainian forces getting everything they need?\n\nFrom the end of 2005 to the end of 2021, the CDU and its sister party, the CSU, held the Ministry of Defense.\n\nGerman Chancellor Olaf Scholz announced a plan to beef up the German military in February, pledging a special package of €100 billion ($112.7 billion) to boost the strength of the country\'s armed forces.\n\nHe also vowed to increase Germany’s annual defense spending to 2% of the nation’s GDP, in line with NATO demands.\n\nUN Chief to stop in Turkey before visits to Russia and Ukraine\n\nUnited Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres will visit Turkey on Monday before heading to Russia to meet President Vladimir Putin and then to Ukraine for talks with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the UN said in a statement.\n\nIn the Turkish capital Ankara, Guterres will meet President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.\n\nTurkey has been trying to negotiate an end to the conflict, so far without success.\n\nOn Tuesday, Guterres will meet Putin in Moscow, followed by a trip Thursday to Kyiv in an effort to mediate an end to the war in Ukraine.\n\nZelenskyy criticized Guterres\'s decision to head to Moscow before Kyiv, saying there is "no justice and no logic in this order."\n\n"The war is in Ukraine, there are no bodies in the streets of Moscow. It would be logical to go first to Ukraine, to see the people there, the consequences of the occupation," Zelenskyy said.\n\nUkraine blames Russian troops for forcibly recruiting civilians\n\nUkraine has accused Russian troops of forcibly recruiting civilians in occupied regions of eastern Ukraine.\n\nIn addition to young people, doctors were being targeted in the Kherson, Zaporizhzhia, and Kharkiv regions, Ukrainian military officials wrote on Facebook.\n\nThe UK\'s Ministry of Defense also noted similar conscription practices in the Russian-occupied Donbas and Crimea.\n\n"Any enlistment of Ukrainian civilians into the Russian armed forces, even if presented by Russia as being voluntary or military service in accordance with Russian law, would constitute a violation of Article 51 of the Fourth Geneva Convention," the UK Ministry of Defense wrote on Twitter.\n\nIAEA to provide Ukraine with equipment to keep nuclear plants running\n\nUkraine has asked the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) for the equipment it needs to operate nuclear power plants during the war with Russia.\n\nThe agency says it includes radiation measurement devices, protective material, computer-related assistance, power supply systems, and diesel generators.\n\n"We will coordinate the implementation of the assistance that the IAEA and its member states will provide, including by delivering required equipment directly to Ukraine\'s nuclear sites," IAEA Director General Rafael Grossi said.\n\nUkraine has 15 operational reactors at four plants.\n\nGrossi was due to visit the decommissioned Chernobyl plant next week, on the anniversary of the 1986 disaster there.\n\nPutin in church as Ukrainians told to stay home\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin attended an Easter mass conducted by the Russian Orthodox Church in Moscow.\n\nThe church has strongly backed the Kremlin leader\'s invasion of Ukraine.\n\nPutin did not speak during the service.\n\nPatriarch Kirill said he hoped the conflict in Ukraine would end quickly but did not condemn it.\n\nHis previous statements backing Russia\'s invasion have splintered the worldwide Orthodox Church.\n\nOn Sunday, many Ukrainians will observe Easter, but they were told to attend service virtually as authorities there have announced a nationwide curfew.\n\nWatch video 05:00 Germany: Russian monks help Ukrainians, despite Russian Orthodox Church support for war\n\nZelenksyy to meet Blinken and Austin in Kyiv\n\nUkrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy is expecting US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin to visit Kyiv on Sunday.\n\nIt would be the highest-level visit by an American delegation since the start of the war two months ago.\n\nZelenskyy had high hopes for the encounter, saying Ukraine was expecting more weapons to counter the Russian invasion. The White House, State Department, and Pentagon declined to comment.\n\nSummary of Saturday\'s events in Ukraine-Russia crisis\n\nA Russian strike killed at least eight people, including a baby, and wounded several others in Ukraine\'s Black Sea city of Odesa, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said.\n\nSpeaking to the media, Zelenskyy said his country\'s army was not ready to launch a military operation to restore access to the besieged city of Mariupol. Ukraine says Russia resumed its assault on the last Ukrainian defenders holed up in a giant steelworks in the city, days after Moscow declared victory in the port city.\n\nUkrainian officials announced a nationwide curfew ahead of Easter Sunday. Authorities cautioned residents about the potential for increased Russian military activity during holiday celebrations.\n\nTwo Russian generals have been killed near Kherson, the Ukrainian Defense Ministry\'s intelligence directorate has said. Defense Intelligence reported the deaths on Facebook, adding that another general had been heavily injured and evacuated.\n\nFormer German Chancellor Gerhard Schröder has told the New York Times that he believes Russian President Vladimir Putin will not cut the supply of gas to Germany.\n\nSchröder stressed that Putin is interested in ending the war with Ukraine, but added that ending the war won\'t be easy. He did not elaborate.\n\nar, lo/dj, sri (AFP, AP, dpa, Reuters)', 'image': 'https://static.dw.com/image/61571387_6.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:13'}
{'title': 'Ukraine: UN chief calls for cease-fire in visit to Moscow - live updates', 'keywords': ['guterres', 'chief', 'war', 'visit', 'president', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'minister', 'russian', 'russia', 'defense', 'ceasefire'], 'polarity': 0.0118, 'subjectivity': 0.2554, 'link': 'https://www.dw.com/en/ukraine-un-chief-calls-for-cease-fire-in-visit-to-moscow-live-updates/a-61590982?maca=en-rss-en-eu-2092-rdf', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:19', 'summary': 'Guterres is expected to meet with Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Kyiv on Thursday.\nRussian President Vladimir Putin has demanded that "unfriendly" countries open accounts at Gazprombank to convert euro or dollar payments into rubles.\nUkrainian troops to train on German soil — Defense MinisterGerman Defense Minister Christine Lambrecht said Ukrainian troops will be trained on German soil.\nThe attendees will include NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg and German Defense Minister Christine Lambrecht.\nAustin and US Secretary of State Antony Blinken spoke with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on Sunday and pledged additional military assistance to Kyiv.', 'channel': 'dw.com', 'text': 'US hosts defense talks on arming Ukraine\n\nGermany to supply Ukraine with anti-aircraft tanks\n\nUN head Guterres urges for ceasefire in Moscow visit\n\nRussia\'s Lavrov says NATO \'in essence\' engaged in proxy war with Russia\n\nZelenskyy says Russia \'won\'t win\' the war in Ukraine\n\nThis article was last updated at 20:54 GMT/UTC\n\nPutin tells UN, Red Cross he is open to evacuating civilians from Mariupol\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin agreed "in principle" to United Nations and the International Committee for the Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal steel plant in Mariupol, the UN said.\n\nPutin made the concession to UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres during their meeting in Moscow.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defence Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said after the meeting.\n\nUkraine\'s remaining forces in Mariupol and some civilians were holding out in the steel plant and were surrounded by Russian forces.\n\nUkraine on Monday appealed for the UN and Red Cross to be involved in the evacuation of civilians from Azovstal.\n\nGuterres is expected to meet with Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Kyiv on Thursday.\n\nPoland and Bulgaria cut off from Russian gas\n\nRussia\'s Gazprom has informed both Bulgaria and Poland that it will cut off gas exports on Wednesday, according to Bulgarian and Polish officials.\n\nThe two countries will be the first to be cut off from Russian gas since Moscow invaded Ukraine.\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin has demanded that "unfriendly" countries open accounts at Gazprombank to convert euro or dollar payments into rubles.\n\nPoland has refused to comply with the new scheme and said it will not extend the contract.\n\nThe Polish government says gas supplies will not be affected, as it can source gas via two links with Germany, an upcoming link with Lithuania and via an interconnector with the Czech Republic.\n\nLater on Tuesday, Gazprom told Bulgaria\'s state gas company Bulgargaz that it would cease gas supplies.\n\nThe Bulgarian government said it would not lead to gas restrictions, as it has found alternative arrangements for the supply of natural gas.\n\nGermany\'s network regulator said it was monitoring the situation and that "the security of supply in Germany is currently guaranteed."\n\nBVB Dortmund and Dynamo Kyiv play friendly match\n\nGerman Bundesliga club Borussia Dortmund has raised €400,000 ($426,000) for Ukraine in a friendly match with Ukraine\'s top club Dynamo Kyiv. Kyiv won 3-2 in a charity match played in front of about 35,000 fans. All proceeds will go to victims of the Russian invasion of Ukraine.\n\n"It is about sending a signal, a sign of solidarity with Ukraine, earning a bit of money so that we can do one or the other humanitarian action. And then it is also a sign against this despicable war of aggression," Dortmund managing director Hans-Joachim Watzke told broadcasters ZDF.\n\nKyiv has played similar fund-raising matches in Warsaw, Istanbul and Cluj.\n\nPutin claims he hopes for diplomatic agreement\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin has met with United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres in Moscow. In televised remarks, he told Guterres that he still hoped for negotiations to end the conflict.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track. We are negotiating, we do not reject [talks]," Putin told Guterres, who was visiting Moscow.\n\nHe said talks with Ukraine had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv. He claimed without evidence, that the massacres in Bucha were not carried out by Russians.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian army had nothing to do with," Putin said. "We know who prepared this provocation, by what means, and what kind of people worked on it."\n\nGuterres reiterated his call for Ukraine and Russia to work together with the UN to set up aid and evacuation corridors to help civilians in Ukraine.\n\nThe broadcast discussions showed Guterres and Putin sitting opposite each other at the large oval table in the hall of the Senate Palace, following an hour-long meeting in the Kremlin. Guterres earlier met with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov where he called for a ceasefire.\n\nItaly considers nationalizing Lukoil-owned refinery\n\nItaly is reportedly considering temporarily nationalizing a refinery owned by Lukoil — a Russian multinational energy corporation — as a response to possible sanctions on Russian oil.\n\nLukoil, which is not the subject of sanctions, owns the ISAB refinery — Italy\'s largest oil refinery by capacity. It used to buy 30%-40% of its crude oil from Russia, with the remainder coming from international markets. Since the Russian invasion, it has been unable to obtain international credit, and has been sourcing almost all its crude oil from Russia.\n\nReuters news agency, citing two government sources, said Industry Minister Giancario Gieorgetti is planning to raise the prospect of nationalization when the Italian cabinet meets on Thursday.\n\nEuropean leaders are debating whether to impose an embargo on Russian oil.\n\nGermany \'very close\' to abandoning Russian oil\n\nThe German economy minister, Robert Habeck says the country is very close to completely halting imports of Russian oil.\n\nHabeck said Germany has cut oil import dependency from 35% to 12% in eight weeks.\n\n"Today I can say that an embargo is now more in reach for Germany. In the coming days and weeks, we will continue to expand this independence and rapidly move away from fossil fuels. But as I said, what a few weeks ago seemed a very large problem for Germany has shrunk considerably, so that German independence from Russian oil is now very very close."\n\nHabeck was speaking in Warsaw after talks with Polish Climate Minister Anna Moskwa.\n\nUS Defense Secretary addresses reporters at Ramstein\n\nThe US has convened more than 20 nations at the Ramstein Air Base in Germany on behalf of Ukraine\'s defense. Speaking at the event, Lloyd Austin, the US Secretary of Defense, told reporters that "we have to move at the speed of war."\n\nAustin said the US was determined to make better use of the US European Command\'s coordination mechanism and would extend the forum for Ukraine\'s defense into a monthly contact group.\n\n"We do want to make it harder for Russia to threaten its neighbors and make it less able to do that," Austin said.\n\nAustin went on to express sharp criticism of Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, who warned on Monday that World War III might be looming.\n\n"You\'ve heard us say a number of times that that kind of rhetoric is very dangerous and unhelpful," Austin said. "Nobody wants to see a nuclear war happen. Dangerous rhetoric is clearly unhelpful. And something that we won\'t engage in," he added.\n\nUkraine concerned by destabilization in Trans-Dniester\n\nUkraine says it is concerned by attempts to worsen the security situation in Moldova\'s pro-Russian breakaway province of Trans-Dniester.\n\nMykhaylo Podolyak, a Ukraine presidential aide said in a post on Twitter: "Russia wants to destabilize the Transnistrian region and hints Moldova should wait for \'guests,\'" wrote on Twitter.\n\n"Bad news: if Ukraine falls tomorrow Russian troops will be at Chisinau\'s gates," Podolyak said, referring Moldova\'s capital. "Good news: Ukraine will definitely ensure strategic security of the region. But we need to work as a team," Podolyak added.\n\nIt comes after several apparent attacks in the region. In the past day, attacks have reportedly targeted a military unit, the state security headquarters and an old Soviet-era radio antennae.\n\nThe head of the breakaway province, also known as Transnistria or Transdniestra in English, claimed that the apparent attacks could be traced back to Ukraine.\n\n"I assume that those who organized this attack have the purpose of dragging Transdniestria into the conflict," self-styled president, Vadim Krasnoselsky, was quoted as saying by Russian news agency TASS.\n\nHis office has established a "red" level of "terrorist threat" for the next 15 days and canceled public Victory Day events on May 9, citing safety concerns.\n\nMoscow, which deploys troops in the region, also voiced serious concern and blamed Ukraine.\n\nMoldovan President Maia Sandu has urged citizens to remain calm, saying she had stepped up security measures and convened the country\'s Supreme Security Council.\n\nShe condemned the apparent attacks, in which no one was injured.\n\nShe blamed the attack on "internal differences between various groups in Trans-Dniester that have an interest in destabilising the situation."\n\nLast week, a senior Russian military officer said Russia aims to take control of Ukraine\'s south and open a land corridor to the region.\n\nDefense journalist: German \'tanks\' could be a real help for Kyiv\n\nSecurity and defense journalist Thomas Wiegold has told DW the Gepard vehicles that Berlin has approved for delivery could make a real difference to Ukraine\'s fight in terms of anti-aircraft capability.\n\nAlthough they are known as tanks, Wiegold said, the Gepard — also known as Cheetah — vehicles are more of an anti-aircraft cannon mounted on an armored chassis.\n\n"They can make quite a difference. The German army has taken them out of use almost a decade ago, not because they were obsolete, but because at that time the Bundeswehr was scaling down and they had no use for it anymore."\n\n"I think they regretted it, meanwhile, because short-range air defense is much in demand everywhere now and especially in Ukraine. So, the Ukrainians can make use of it, of course."\n\nWiegold said that technically, the German government was only approving the German industry selling equipment to Ukraine, rather than sending it directly.\n\nHe said that, although an apparent U-turn, the decision "allows the government to convey the idea it\'s not that new, because it\'s not German [military] stock."\n\nWiegold said that much of the valuable heavy weaponry was coming from former Warsaw Pact countries that, like Ukraine, relied on Soviet-era equipment. However, he said that further down the line, the West would have to start sharing newer equipment, and train Ukrainians in how to use it.\n\n"If the West wants to continue supporting Ukraine, they have to think about starting training Ukrainians on Western systems to deliver Western systems as well."\n\nErdogan and Putin discuss peace talks, protecting civilians\n\nThe Kremlin says Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin have discussed Moscow\'s efforts to ensure the safety of civilians in Ukraine.\n\nThe Kremlin said in a statement that the two leaders spoke about "efforts made by Russia on a constant basis to ensure the safety of peaceful civilians, including the organisation of humanitarian corridors."\n\nIn response to Erdogan\'s questions on the besieged southeastern port city of Mariupol, Putin said "the city is liberated and combat operations are not going on there," according to the Russian statement.\n\nHundreds of civilians are still sheltering in the city\'s huge Azovstal industrial area while Ukrainian troops are still resisting Russia.\n\nPutin told Erdogan that Kyiv should "take political responsibility and for humanitarian reasons, order them [the troops] to lay down arms," the Kremlin said.\n\nThey also discussed the safety of Turkish ships sailing from Black Sea ports through a cooperation of defense ministries.\n\nThe Turkish side released a statement saying Erdogan urged Putin to agree to direct talks with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy.\n\nErdogan proposed taking the "Istanbul process to the level of leaders, a crucial threshold in the Russia-Ukraine negotiations," according to the statement. Talks have so far stalled over accusations of Russian war crimes. Putin later said peace efforts were at a dead end.\n\nPoland to sanction 50 Russian entities and people\n\nPoland has announced it will impose sanctions on 50 Russian entities and invidiuals.\n\nThe sanctions come in addition to current European Union measures, according to Polish Interior Minister Mariusz Kaminski.\n\nThe list includes Gas giant Gazprom and Moshe Kantor, who owns part of Poland\'s state-owned chemicals group Azoty.\n\nCompanies on the list will have their assets frozen and be excluded from public tenders, while Russian oligarchs on the list will be banned from entering Poland.\n\nUN ready to save lives in Mariupol — UN chief\n\nUN General Secretary Antonio Guterres said during a meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov that the organization is ready to fully mobilize its resources to save lives in Mariupol.\n\n"The United Nations is ready to fully mobilize its human and logistical resources to help save lives in Mariupol," Guterres said.\n\nGuterres also proposed coordinated work with the Red Cross to allow people to evacuate from the Azovstal steel plant in the city. Civilians and Ukrainian troops have been holed up in the plant for weeks.\n\n"Thousands of civilians are in dire need of lifesaving humanitarian assistance, and many have evacuated," Guterres said.\n\nGuterres said that he was concerned about possible war crimes in Ukraine, adding that they require independent investigation.\n\nUN chief meets Putin in Moscow\n\nUN Secretary General Antonio Guterres is holding a joint press conference with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov following talks about the war in Moscow. He had also been due to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin.\n\nThis is the first in-person visit from Guterres since the start of Russia\'s invasion of Ukraine.\n\nDuring an earlier meeting with Lavrov, Guterres called for a cease-fire to be implemented "as soon as possible."\n\nRussia expels three Swedish diplomats\n\nRussia said it was expelling three Swedish diplomats in a retaliatory move against Stockholm.\n\nIn early April, Sweden said it was expelling three Russian diplomats who it accused of conducting "illegal operations" there.\n\nRussia\'s Foreign ministry said it summoned the Swedish ambassador to Russia and "strongly protested" the expulsion of Russian diplomats and Sweden\'s "military support to the Kyiv regime."\n\nThe ministry accused Sweden of "covering up the crimes of Ukrainian nationalists against the civilian population of Donbas and Ukraine."\n\n"In response to this, the Russian side decided to declare persona non grata three diplomats of the Swedish embassy in Russia," the ministry said.\n\nCease-fire needed as soon as possible — UN chief says in Moscow\n\nUN Secretary General Antonio Guterres said that conditions for a cease-fire should be created as soon as possible.\n\n"We are extremely interested in finding ways in order to create the conditions for effective dialogue, create the conditions for a ceasefire as soon as possible, create the conditions for a peaceful solution," Guterres said at a meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in Moscow. He added that the priority is to "minimize human suffering" in Ukraine.\n\nGuterres is scheduled to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin following his meeting with Lavrov.\n\nUkrainian troops to train on German soil — Defense Minister\n\nGerman Defense Minister Christine Lambrecht said Ukrainian troops will be trained on German soil. The remarks stem from a statement she gave at the Ramstein US air base in Germany during a US-hosted defense conference.\n\n"We are working together with our American friends to train Ukrainian troops on artillery systems on German soil," Lambert said, according to a transcript seen by DW.\n\n"We will, along with the Netherlands, provide self-propelled howitzer and ammunition training to Ukraine, as we all know that artillery is an essential factor in this conflict."\n\nLambrecht addressed criticism leveled at Germany for not delivering heavier weaponry to Ukraine, and pointed to the government\'s decision to provide anti-aircraft tanks as progress.\n\nUN disarmament expert does not expect Russia to use nuclear weapons\n\nPavel Podvig, a senior researcher at the United Nations Institute for Disarmament Research, told DW on Tuesday that he does not envisage Russia using nuclear weapons, despite the Kremlin leaving the door open to such tactics.\n\n"I don\'t think that we are that close," to seeing nuclear weapons used in this war, he said. "And the main reason for that is that there are simply no plausible military missions for nuclear weapons in this type of war."\n\nBut Podvig stopped short of saying Russian President Vladimir Putin would refrain from using tactical nuclear weapons.\n\n"It\'s hard for me to say with certainty whether he would refrain from that," he said.\n\nPodvig\'s comments come after Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said he would not want to see a nuclear confrontation, but that "the danger is serious" and "should not be underestimated."\n\nWatch video 04:39 UN expert: \'No plausible missions for nuclear weapons\' in Ukraine\n\nMoldova reports blasts in breakaway Trans-Dniester region\n\nMoldovan authorities have reported two blasts that damaged Soviet-era radio masts in the breakaway Trans-Dniester region. Authorities said a military unit was also targeted.\n\nMoldovan President Maia Sandu convened an urgent security meeting following the blasts.\n\nThe breakaway Trans-Dniester region seceded from Moldova in 1992 along with Russian backing, although Moscow has not officially recognized the region\'s independence. The region borders Ukraine and Kyiv has voiced concerns that it could be used as a staging ground for Russian attacks.\n\n"In the early morning of April 26, two explosions occurred in the village of Maiac, Grigoriopol district: the first at 6:40 and the second at 7:05," the interior ministry of the in self-proclaimed "Pridnestrovian Moldavian Republic" (PMR) said.\n\nKremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said that the reports of blasts in the Trans-Dniester region were a cause for serious concern and Moscow was closely following the events.\n\nUN expects 8.3 million to flee Ukraine this year\n\nThe UN refugee agency (UNHCR) said on Tuesday that it expects some 8.3 million people to flee Ukraine this year.\n\nUNHCR had previously planned for some 4 million refugees in the immediate aftermath of Russia\'s invasion of Ukraine.\n\nMore than 12.7 million people have fled their homes in Ukraine in the past two months, UNHCR spokesperson Shabia Mantoo said. This included 7.7 million internally displaced people and 5 million people who fled Ukraine across international borders.\n\n"The scale of the crisis, definitely the rapidity of people fleeing, we have not seen in recent times," Mantoo said at a UN news briefing. Mantoo added that Syria has the biggest current refugee crisis in the world, with 6.8 million people having fled the country.\n\nWatch video 05:00 Germany: Russian monks help Ukrainians, despite Russian Orthodox Church support for war\n\nUN doubles Ukraine aid appeal to $2.25 billion\n\nThe United Nations\' humanitarian agency (UN OCHA) said that it has been forced to double its aid appeal to $2.25 billion (€2.11 billion) as the humanitarian situation in the country worsens.\n\n"Over $2.25 billion is now required for needs inside Ukraine, more than double of the amount requested ($1.1 billion) when we launched the appeal on 1 March, a few days after the war began," the UN OCHA said in a statement.\n\nUS, allies will \'move heaven and Earth\' to meet Ukrainian security requirements — Defense Secretary\n\nUS Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin said that the aim of the conference at the air base in Ramstein, Germany was to "help Ukraine win the fight against Russia\'s unjust invasion," as well as to "build up Ukraine\'s defenses for tomorrow\'s challenges."\n\nAustin said that he discussed with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy Kyiv\'s "changing requirements" as Russia focuses on Ukraine\'s eastern Donbas region. Austin said that the US and its allies will "keep moving heaven and Earth" to meet Ukraine\'s security requirements.\n\n"Ukraine needs our help to win today, and they will still need our help when the war is over," Austin said. He added that the US and its allies have committed more than $5 billion of equipment to support Ukraine\'s defense since the start of the war.\n\nThe defense secretary said that Ukraine "has done a magnificent job defending its sovereignty against Russia\'s unprovoked invasion."\n\nAustin said that Ukraine\'s allies had provided assistance at "record speed," adding that "Putin never imagined that the world would rally behind Ukraine so swiftly."\n\nReferring to Russian troop withdrawal from areas around Ukraine\'s capital, Austin said that the war was "entering a new phase" following what he called "Russia\'s defeat at the battle of Kyiv."\n\n"Russia is waging a war of choice to indulge the ambitions of one man," Austin said, alluding to Russian President Vladimir Putin. "Ukraine is fighting a war of necessity to defend its democracy, its sovereignty and its citizens."\n\nWatch video 01:06 Austin: \'We\'re here to help Ukraine win the fight against Russia\'s unjust invasion\'\n\nExplosions hit radio facility in Russia-backed Trans-Dniester\n\nPolice in the breakaway Moldovan region of Trans-Dniester said that two explosions knocked two powerful antennas out of service in a radio facility close to Ukrainian border. The interior ministry of the region said those antennas were re-broadcasting Russian radio.\n\nThe incident occurred in a small town of Maiac about 50 kilometres (30 miles) from the regional capital Tiraspol and roughly 12 kilometers (7 miles) west of the border with Ukraine. No one was hurt in the explosions, officials said.\n\nThe explosions come just a day after several explosions believed to be caused by rocket-propelled grenades were reported to hit the state security ministry in Tiraspol.\n\nMoldovan President Maia Sandu is convening a meeting of the country\'s Supreme Security Council on Tuesday over incidents that took place in Trans-Dniester.\n\nTrans-Dniester is a narrow strip of land on the east bank of the Dniester River, sandwiched between Ukraine and Moldova. The breakaway region seceded from Moldova after a brief military conflict in 1992 following the collapse of the Soviet Union.\n\nIn this conflict, separatists were supported by Moscow. Russia still has a military base there.\n\nA senior Russian military official, Rustam Minnekayev, said last week that Russian forces aim to take full control of southern Ukraine, saying such a move would open the way to Trans-Dniester.\n\nGermany confirms it will send tanks to Ukraine\n\nThe German government confirmed reports that it will approve a delivery of "Gepard" anti-aircraft tanks to Ukraine, according to a statement seen by DW.\n\nGerman Defense Minister Christina Lambrecht will announce the move during opening remarks at Ramstein air base, coming at the start of a US-hosted conference on Ukraine.\n\n"Yesterday we decided that Germany will make the delivery of "Gepard" anti-aircraft tanks possible to Ukraine," Lambrecht is expected to say, according to the statement.\n\nThe confirmation comes after German media reported on the move. Chancellor Olaf Scholz\'s government has come under increasing pressure over not yet sending heavy weapons to Ukraine.\n\nUS kicks off Ukraine conference at Ramstein air base\n\nA defense conference on securing Ukraine\'s long-term security is now underway at the US airbase in Ramstein, Germany.\n\nUS Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin has invited around 40 countries to the conference. While many NATO members will be present, a number of the countries invited are not NATO member states.\n\nThe attendees will include NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg and German Defense Minister Christine Lambrecht.\n\nThe meeting seeks to boost weapons deliveries to Ukraine and bolster the country\'s long-term security.\n\nAustin and US Secretary of State Antony Blinken spoke with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on Sunday and pledged additional military assistance to Kyiv. Austin and Blinken are expected to brief allies on Ukraine\'s security needs during the conference.\n\nWatch video 02:05 US to host talks on assistance for Ukraine in Germany\n\nNo imminent threat of direct confrontation with Russia — UK armed forces minister\n\nBritish Armed Forces Minister James Heappey said he did not think there was an imminent threat of escalation in the war in Ukraine leading to nuclear conflict.\n\n"What the West is doing to support its allies in Ukraine is very well calibrated ... Everything we do is calibrated to avoid direct confrontation with Russia," Heappy told BBC television.\n\nHeappey\'s remarks follow a statement by Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, who said that NATO was "in essence engaged in war with Russia through a proxy" and that the "risks" of nuclear escalation were "considerable."\n\n"Lavrov\'s trademark over the course of 15 years or so that he has been the Russian foreign secretary has been that sort of bravado. I don\'t think that right now there is an imminent threat of escalation," Heappey said.\n\nHeappy also told Sky News that it is not NATO that is providing military support to Ukraine.\n\n"The donor effort is something that has been brought together by countries that are yes, many of them are from NATO, but others are from beyond ... it is not NATO that is doing the military aid," Heappy said.\n\nWatch video 02:00 Will Putin use \'tactical\' nuclear weapons in Ukraine?\n\nGermany reportedly to supply Ukraine with \'Gepard\' tanks\n\nAccording to the dpa news agency, Germany\'s federal government intends to allow tanks from industry stocks to be delivered to Ukraine. German defense company Krauss-Maffei Wegmann will be given the green light to sell "Gepard" anti-aircraft tanks from previous Bundeswehr stocks, dpa reported.\n\nGermany\'s Süddeutsche Zeitung newspaper reported that Defense Minister Christine Lambrecht will pledge the anti-aircraft tanks to Ukraine during today\'s meeting at the Ramstein US air base.\n\nUS Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin said on Monday following a meeting with Ukrainian officials that Kyiv had requested tanks as it seeks to adapt to the shifting conditions of the conflict.\n\nGermany is reportedly to supply Ukraine with anti-aircraft "Gepard" tanks\n\nKreminna in Luhansk region has fallen — UK defense ministry\n\nBritain\'s Defense Ministry said in a Tuesday intelligence update that the town of Kreminna in Ukraine\'s eastern Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to Russian forces.\n\nRussian troops are attempting to advance north to Sloviansk and east to Kramatorsk, according to the ministry.\n\n"Russian forces are likely attempting to encircle heavily fortified Ukrainian positions in the east of Ukraine," the intelligence update said, adding that Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in the southeastern city of Zaporizhzhia.\n\nUK drops import tariffs on goods from Ukraine to zero\n\nThe UK has dropped tariffs on all goods coming from Ukraine, following a direct request from Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy.\n\n"The UK will continue to do everything in its power to support Ukraine\'s fight against Putin\'s brutal and unprovoked invasion," British International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan said.\n\nThe average tariff on Ukrainian imports was about 22%.\n\nThe British government said it would also impose further export bans on products to Russia, including cash, maritime goods and technology, and energy-related goods.\n\nUkraine wants UN to seek Mariupol evacuation\n\nUkraine has urged UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres to press Russia for an evacuation of the besieged port of Mariupol. Guterres is set to meet Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in Moscow on Tuesday.\n\nThe UN chief "should focus primarily on one issue, evacuation of Mariupol," Ukraine Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba told The Associated Press in an interview.\n\n"This is really something that the UN is capable of doing. And if he demonstrates political will, character, and integrity, I hope that will allow us to make one step forward," he said.\n\nRussian forces have surrounded fighters in the last Ukrainian stronghold in the Azovstal steel plant, but an estimated 100,000 civilians are also trapped in the city.\n\nKuleba also said he was concerned Guterres could fall into a Kremlin "trap." He cited trips to the Russian capital by foreign officials ahead of the invasion on February 24 as evidence of the Kremlin dictating diplomacy.\n\nOn Thursday, Guterres is expected to head to Ukraine for talks with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Foreign Minister Kuleba.\n\nWatch video 02:00 Ukrainian troops still holding out in Mariupol\n\nZelenskyy urges Ukrainians to make country \'unbearable\' for Russian occupation\n\nUkraine\'s president, Volodymyr Zelenskyy, called Ukrainians to think of how to make "the presence of occupiers at our land even more unbearable."\n\nIn his nightly address, Zelenskyy predicted Russia would lose the war, but said it would require sacrifice.\n\n"Every day of the fight will add years and years to the peaceful life after this war, after our victory," Zelenskyy said.\n\nHe was aware the Ukrainians wanted to know "when it all be over," but said "there is no simple answer to that at this time."\n\nUS to host Ukraine-focused defense talks at Germany\'s Ramstein air base\n\nThe US military expects officials from more than 20 countries to attend talks on Tuesday at Ramstein Air Base in Germany focused on arming Ukraine.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin is hosting the event following a trip to Kyiv, where he pledged additional support to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy.\n\nIn remarks following his appearance in Kyiv on Monday, Austin said he would like "to see Russia weakened to the point where it can\'t do things like invade Ukraine."\n\nGeneral Mark Milley, chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff, said a key goal of the talks was to synchronize and coordinate security assistance to Kyiv that includes heavy weaponry, like howitzer artillery and well-armed drones and ammunition.\n\n"The next several weeks will be very, very critical," Milley told reporters traveling with him to Germany.\n\n"They need continued support in order to be successful on the battlefield. And that\'s really the purpose of this conference."\n\nNATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg is expected to attend the meeting, along with representatives from NATO and non-NATO countries.\n\nWatch video 03:34 US now clearly willing to provide Ukraine with what they need: military expert\n\nLavrov says NATO engaged in \'proxy war\' with Russia\n\nRussian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov told Russian state television that NATO was "in essence engaged in war with Russia through a proxy" by supplying weapons to Ukraine.\n\nSpeaking to the Russian First Channel he said, "these weapons will be a legitimate target for Russia\'s military."\n\n"Storage facilities in western Ukraine have been targeted more than once [by Russian forces]. How can it be otherwise? War means war," he said.\n\nThe foreign minister also said Monday evening that Moscow wants to reduce the chance of "artificially" elevating the risks of a nuclear conflict.\n\n"This is our key position on which we base everything. The risks now are considerable," Lavrov said.\n\nThe top diplomat said peace talks with Ukraine would continue.\n\nHe conceded the war in Ukraine would probably end finish with the signing of an accord but added the terms would depend on the military situation in the country at the time.\n\nAfter Lavrov\'s interview, Ukrainian foreign minister Dmytro Kuleba wrote on Twitter that Russia had lost its "last hope to scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\n"This only means Moscow senses defeat," he added.\n\nSummary of Monday\'s events in the Ukraine-Russia crisis\n\nVadym Boychenko, the mayor of the besieged city of Mariupol, said a new mass grave had been identified 10 kilometers (6 miles) north of the city. Several victims were located there, though authorities are trying to identify how many victims are in the unmarked graves.\n\nRussia said it expelled 40 German diplomats in response to Berlin\'s decision to kick out Russian diplomats over the conflict in Ukraine. Germany Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock said the move was unjustified as the Russian staff expelled from Germany had been "spies" rather than diplomats.\n\nWatch video 02:42 Russia expels German diplomats: Leonie von Hammerstein reports\n\nFinnish newspaper Italehti has reported Finland and Sweden have agreed to submit NATO applications at the same time during the week of May 16.\n\nSwedish paper Expressen writes that its sources confirm there is an agreement between the two countries.\n\nUkrainian Railways reported that five train stations in central and western Ukraine had come under fire and had been hit by missile strikes. Russia\'s Defense Ministry claimed it used missiles to destroy facilities powering the railways supplying Ukrainian forces with foreign weapons.\n\nAbout 15,000 Russian troops have been killed since Russia invaded Ukraine, UK Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said. Ukraine has claimed 22,000 Russian troops were killed since the invasion. Russia has acknowledged only 1,351 military deaths.\n\nUS Secretary of State Antony Blinken says Russia is trying to brutalize parts of Ukraine but failing in its war aims.\n\nAfter a visit to Kyiv, Blinken said Russia\'s military was underperforming, and its economy was "in shambles" due to sanctions and a mass "exodus" from the country.\n\nWatch video 02:54 Russian missiles strike Ukrainian rail stations\n\nYou can revisit our live updates from April 25 here.\n\nsi, lo, aw/wmr, rs, mhm (AFP, AP, dpa, Reuters)', 'image': 'https://static.dw.com/image/61602081_6.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:19'}
{'title': 'Russia-Ukraine War (April 25): Mariupol Officials Say New Mass Grave Found', 'keywords': ['ministry', 'ukrainian', 'mass', 'grave', 'oil', 'foreign', 'defense', 'forces', 'mariupol', 'say', 'officials', 'military', 'russiaukraine', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0301, 'subjectivity': 0.2646, 'link': 'https://www.theepochtimes.com/live-updates-russia-ukraine-war-april-25_4424882.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:40', 'summary': '(Maxar Technologies via Reuters)Russia–Ukraine War (April 25): Mariupol Officials Say New Mass Grave FoundThe latest on the Russia–Ukraine crisis, April 25.\nMariupol Officials Say New Mass Grave FoundOfficials in the embattled Ukrainian city of Mariupol say a new mass grave has been identified north of the city.\nRead the full article here____17 Dead in Russian Military Research Facility Fire on April 21At least 17 people have died in last week’s fire at a Russian military research facility, authorities said Monday.\nReacting to these comments, Ukrainian Foreign Ministry spokesman Oleg Nikolenko released a strong-worded statement on Sunday.\n_____Fire Erupts at Russian Oil Depot Near Border With UkraineA fire has erupted at a Russian oil depot near the border with Ukraine.', 'channel': 'theepochtimes.com', 'text': 'Satellite image of more trenches dug into land outside Mariupol, Ukraine, on April 15, 2022. (Maxar Technologies via Reuters)\n\nRussia–Ukraine War (April 25): Mariupol Officials Say New Mass Grave Found\n\nThe latest on the Russia–Ukraine crisis, April 25. Click here for updates from April 24.\n\nMariupol Officials Say New Mass Grave Found\n\nOfficials in the embattled Ukrainian city of Mariupol say a new mass grave has been identified north of the city.\n\nMayor Vadym Boychenko said authorities are trying to estimate the number of victims in the grave about 10 kilometers (about 6 miles) north of Mariupol.\n\nSatellite photos released over the past several days have shown what appear to be images of other mass graves.\n\nMariupol has been decimated by fierce fighting over the past two months. The capture of the city would deprive Ukraine of a vital port and allow Moscow to establish a land corridor to the Crimean Peninsula, which it seized from Ukraine in 2014.\n\n___\n\n4 Die, 9 Wounded From Russian Shelling of Kharkiv: Governor\n\nFour people died and nine were wounded as a result of Russia‘s shelling in the Kharkiv region on Monday, Oleh Synegubov, the region’s governor told Ukraine‘s public broadcaster.\n\n___\n\nKyiv Wants UN to Seek Mariupol Evacuation\n\nUkraine’s foreign minister on Monday urged the U.N. chief to press Russia for an evacuation of the besieged port of Mariupol, calling it something the world body is capable of achieving.\n\nForeign Minister Dmytro Kuleba told The Associated Press in an interview he was concerned that by visiting Moscow on Tuesday before traveling to Kyiv, U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres could be vulnerable to falling into a Kremlin “trap” in the war.\n\nKuleba said Guterres “should focus primarily on one issue: evacuation of Mariupol.\n\nAn estimated 100,000 people are trapped in the seaside city while a contingent of Ukrainian fighters hold out against Russian forces in a steel mill where hundreds of civilians also are taking shelter.\n\n___\n\nRussian Officer: Missile to Carry Several Hypersonic Weapons\n\nA new Russian intercontinental ballistic missile is capable of carrying several hypersonic weapons, a senior Russian military officer said Sunday.\n\nCol. Gen. Sergei Karakayev, the commander of the Russian military’s Strategic Missile Forces, said in televised remarks that the new Sarmat ICBM is designed to carry several Avangard hypersonic glide vehicles.\n\nRussia’s Defense Ministry said the Sarmat was test-fired for the first time Wednesday from the Plesetsk launch facility in northern Russia and its practice warheads have successfully reached mock targets on the Kura firing range on the far eastern Kamchatka Peninsula.\n\n___\n\nBridget Brink Named as US Ambassador to Ukraine\n\nPresident Joe Biden announced on Monday his nomination of Bridget Brink to serve as U.S. ambassador to Ukraine.\n\nBrink, a career foreign service officer, has served since 2019 as ambassador to Slovakia. She previously held assignments in Serbia, Cyprus, Georgia, and Uzbekistan as well as with the White House National Security Council. The post requires confirmation by the U.S. Senate.\n\nThe announcement comes as American diplomats prepare to return to Ukraine this coming week, although the U.S. embassy in Kyiv will remain closed for now.\n\n___\n\nUS Wants to See Russian Military ‘Weakened’\n\nThe United States wants to see the Russian military “weakened” amid the invasion of Ukraine, said Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin on Monday as he and Secretary of State Antony Blinken met with officials in Europe.\n\n“We want to see Russia weakened to the degree that it can’t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine,” Austin told reporters, according to a transcript.\n\nHis remarks on Monday are perhaps the most explicit yet from a White House official on the Biden administration’s goals in the conflict, representing a sharpening of rhetoric toward the Russian government as the conflict enters its third month. Austin made the comments while speaking with Blinken at a press conference in Poland, a day after the pair visited Kyiv to meet with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on providing more military assistance.\n\nWhen asked about the United States’ “goals for success” amid the conflict, Austin responded, “Ukraine remains a sovereign country, a democratic country, able to protect its sovereign territory.” But then he told reporters that he wants to see Russia’s military capacity diminished.\n\n“It has already lost a lot of military capability and a lot of its troops, quite frankly, and we want to see them not have the capability to very quickly reproduce that capability,” Austin added.\n\nRead the full article here\n\n___\n\nUS Promises More Ukraine Aid\n\nSecretary of State Antony Blinken and Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin said Monday after a secrecy-shrouded visit to Kyiv that Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy is committed to winning his country’s fight against Russia and that the United States will help him achieve that goal.\n\n“He has the mindset that they want to win, and we have the mindset that we want to help them win,” Austin told reporters in Poland, the day after the three-hour face-to-face meeting with Zelenskyy in Ukraine.\n\nAustin said that the nature of the fight in Ukraine had changed now that Russia has pulled away from the wooded northern regions to focus on the eastern industrial heartland of the Donbass. Because the nature of the fight has evolved, so have Ukraine’s military needs, and Zelenskyy is now focused on more tanks, artillery, and other munitions.\n\n“The first step in winning is believing that you can win,” Austin said. “We believe that they can win if they have the right equipment, the right support, and we’re going to do everything we can … to ensure that gets to them.”\n\n____\n\nUkraine Removes Hirohito From Video After Japan Protests\n\nUkraine’s government has apologized and removed a photo of Japanese wartime monarch Hirohito from a video showing him with Adolf Hitler and Benito Mussolini after Japan protested, officials said Monday.\n\nJapan will continue to support Ukrainians who are defending their country from Russia’s invasion despite the “completely inappropriate” portrayal of Hirohito, Deputy Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihiko Isozaki said.\n\nThe video, posted by the Ukrainian government on Twitter on April 1, criticized Russia’s invasion as “rashism.” Underneath the photos of the three World War II-era leaders were the words “Fascism and Nazism were defeated in 1945.”\n\nJapan fought World War II in the name of Hirohito. Historical evaluations of his role in the war remain divided.\n\nIsozaki said Japan lodged a protest and demanded the removal of Hirohito’s image, which Ukraine has done.\n\n“Our sincere apologies to Japan for making this mistake,” the Ukrainian government said on Twitter Sunday. “We had no intention to offend the friendly people of Japan.”\n\n_____\n\nNumber of Expelled Russian Diplomats Revealed\n\nAround 400 Russian diplomats have been expelled from 28 countries since the launch of Moscow’s military operation in Ukraine, the Russian Foreign Ministry revealed on Monday.\n\nAccording to Deputy Foreign Minister Evgeny Ivanov, diplomatic expulsions became the preferred method of the West even before Feb. 24. Calling the seizure of Russian assets abroad another “unfriendly” measure, he said these actions “will not go unanswered.”\n\n“We counteract where we can, up to appealing to the courts. Unfriendly actions do not go unanswered in the legislative sphere either,” Ivanov said during a parliamentary meeting, as cited by Russian media.\n\nMoscow has previously warned that it would retaliate to all expulsions of its diplomats. On Monday, the Russian Foreign Ministry summoned German Ambassador Geza Andreas von Geyr to express “strong protest” over Berlin’s earlier decision to expel 40 employees of Russian diplomatic institutions. As a “symmetrical response,” 40 employees of German diplomatic institutions in Russia have been designated persona non grata, the ministry announced.\n\n_____\n\nPutin Says US and Its Allies of Trying to ‘Split Russian Society’\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin has accused the United States and its allies of trying to “split Russian society.”\n\nSpeaking Monday at a meeting with top officials at the Prosecutor General’s office, Putin said Russia has come under “unprecedented Western sanctions” amid its military action in Ukraine.\n\nHe charged that the United States and its allies have sought to “split the Russian society and to destroy Russia from within,” adding that their plans have failed.\n\nPutin urged Russian prosecutors to act more quickly to block unsanctioned demonstrations organized from abroad. He also noted that they should focus on exposing “open provocations” against the Russian military allegedly involving international media and social platforms.\n\n_____\n\nNATO Warships Arrive at Finnish Port for Training Exercises\n\nThree NATO warships arrived in the southwestern Finnish port of Turku on Monday to train with Finland’s navy as Helsinki considers the possibility of joining the U.S.–led alliance amid increased tensions with Russia over Ukraine.\n\nLatvian minelayer LVNS Virsaitis and minehunters Estonian ENS Sakala and Dutch HNLMS Schiedam will train with two minehunters from Finland’s coastal fleet, the Finnish defense forces said in a statement.\n\nThe two-day exercise, set to commence on April 28, will prepare the Finnish ships to take part in NATO response forces in 2022 and focus on “mine countermeasures and working in a multinational framework,” the statement said.\n\nFinnish Prime Minister Sanna Marin said on April 13 that her country would take a decision in the next few weeks about whether to apply to join NATO.\n\n_____\n\nPutin Outlines Position on Foreign Firms\n\nRussia faces unprecedented sanctions pressure that continues to intensify, President Vladimir Putin said on Monday, noting that despite the prevailing conditions, the country’s economy has the opportunity to function stably and smoothly. He has promised to support businesses as much as possible, including foreign firms that have stayed in Russia.\n\nTo do that, it is necessary to respect the rights of business owners and support them to the full, including by reducing the administrative burden, Putin said. Foreign companies that have remained in Russia despite sanctions pressure should be allowed to “work peacefully,” he added.\n\nThe Russian president earlier instructed the government to allocate additional resources to support small and medium-sized businesses and create better growth conditions for new industries based on new and yet-to-be-developed supply chains. Putin also said he believes that sanctions will result in new leaders emerging in the Russian market.\n\n____\n\nRussia Investigates Large Oil Depot Fire in Region Near Ukraine\n\nRussia said on Monday it would investigate the cause of a large fire that erupted in the early hours of the morning at an oil storage facility in the city of Bryansk 154 km (96 miles) northeast of the border with Ukraine.\n\nUnverified social media footage showed what sounded like two explosions followed by a tower of flames, with one unverified video showing a fire raging around a giant fuel reservoir.\n\nRussia’s Ministry of Emergency Situations said nobody had been hurt in the incident.\n\nThe ministry said in a statement that the fire had broken out at a facility owned by oil pipeline company Transneft at 0200 Moscow time (2300 GMT), and that there had been no need to evacuate any parts of Bryansk, a city of 400,000 people.\n\nThe Russian Energy Ministry said there was no threat to diesel and gasoline supplies in the Bryansk region after the incident and there were enough fuel stockpiles.\n\nIt added that the scale of the blaze was being assessed.\n\nOther unverified footage showed what looked like another fire burning at a second location in Bryansk.\n\n______\n\nRussia Expels 40 German Diplomats\n\nRussia is expelling 40 German diplomats in response to Germany expelling the same number of Russian diplomats earlier this month.\n\nThe Russian Foreign Ministry said Monday that it had summoned German ambassador Géza Andreas von Geyr for a “strong protest at the clearly unfriendly decision” to expel the Russian diplomatic staff.\n\nThe ministry said von Geyr was told that 40 members of staff at German diplomatic missions in Russia would be officially declared unwelcome in Russia.\n\n_____\n\nEU Official Says No ‘Unified Position’ Reached on Russian Energy Embargo\n\nThe European Union’s foreign policy chief Josep Borrell has said that insufficient support from EU member states means a complete embargo or punitive tariff on Russian oil and gas imports cannot yet be levied.\n\n“At the moment, we in the EU do not have a unified position on this question,” Borrell was quoted as saying by the German newspaper Die Welt on Monday, adding that “a final proposal for an embargo on oil and gas is not yet on the table.”\n\nBorrell’s comment comes as some EU countries, including Poland and Lithuania, are pushing for a sixth round of sanctions against Russian oil imports in the wake of Moscow’s invasion of Ukraine on Feb. 24.\n\nRead the full article here\n\n____\n\n17 Dead in Russian Military Research Facility Fire on April 21\n\nAt least 17 people have died in last week’s fire at a Russian military research facility, authorities said Monday.\n\nThe regional government in Tver, a city about 180 kilometers (112 miles) northwest of Moscow, said that so far only five of the victims had been identified.\n\nThe blaze at the Central Research Institute for Air and Space Defense of the Russian Defense Ministry in Tver erupted Thursday and it took authorities a day to put it out.\n\nOfficials previously said 27 people were injured and 13 of them were hospitalized.\n\nThe cause of the fire wasn’t immediately clear.\n\nThe research institute was involved in the development of some of the state-of-the-art Russian weapons systems, reportedly including the Iskander missile.\n\n______\n\n5 Killed by Air Strikes in Central Ukraine\n\nUkrainian authorities say at least five people have been killed by Russian strikes on the central Vynnytsia region.\n\nThe Vynnytsia regional prosecutors said another 18 people were wounded in Monday’s Russian missile strikes on the towns of Zhmerynka and Koziatyn.\n\nVinnytsia regional Governor Serhiy Borzov said earlier that the Russian missiles targeted “critical infrastructure,” but didn’t elaborate.\n\nThe Vynnytsia region is fully controlled by Ukraine and is far behind the front lines.\n\n____\n\nRussia Opens Humanitarian Corridor for Civilians From Mariupol’s Azovstal Plant\n\nRussian and Donbass forces will observe a ceasefire around the besieged Azovstal steel mill in Mariupol starting from 2 p.m. Moscow time on Monday, allowing civilians to evacuate to safety, the Russian Defense Ministry has said.\n\nCol. Gen. Mikhail Mizintsev, the head of Russia’s National Defense Management Center, said that armed units will “withdraw to a safe distance and maintain the exit of civilians from the said area in any direction they choose.”\n\n_____\n\nZelenskyy: US Talks Effective, Encouraging\n\nUkraine’s President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has hailed talks with Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin as “encouraging” and “effective.”\n\nSpeaking in Monday’s video address, he said the United States is offering “powerful” support to his country. Zelenskyy added that they agreed “on further steps to strengthen the armed forces of Ukraine and meet all the priority needs of our army.” He noted that ramping up sanctions against Moscow also was on the meeting’s agenda.\n\nBlinken and Austin said the United States had approved a $165 million sale of ammunition for Ukraine’s war effort, along with more than $300 million in foreign military financing.\n\nZelenskyy noted that Ukraine would expect the United States to lead other allies in offering a set of security guarantees in the future.\n\n_____\n\nRussia: Oil Depot Fire Won’t Cause Shortages\n\nRussia’s Energy Ministry says a massive fire at an oil depot in western Russia will not cause fuel shortages.\n\nThe ministry said in a statement that Monday’s fire inflicted damage to a depot containing diesel fuel in Bryansk, and authorities are dealing with the consequences of the blaze.\n\nThe ministry said fuel supplies to consumers haven’t been interrupted and noted that the region has enough diesel fuel for 15 days.\n\nThe Emergencies Ministry said earlier that a huge blaze erupted overnight at the depot owned by Transneft-Druzhba, a subsidiary of the Russian state-controlled company Transneft, which operates the western-bound Druzhba (Friendship) pipeline carrying crude to Europe. It wasn’t immediately clear what caused the blaze, and whether it could affect deliveries to Europe.\n\n_____\n\nRussian Gas Embargo ‘Impossible’ for Austria: Energy Minister\n\nBanning Russian natural gas imports is “currently impossible” for Austria, the country’s energy minister, Leonore Gewessler, told the press over the weekend.\n\n“Austria is 80 percent dependent on Russian gas. As painful as it is, a gas embargo is currently not possible for us, just as it is for some other countries. The essence of sanctions is to let us last longer than [Russian President] Vladimir Putin, and we cannot do that without gas,” the official told Die Presse am Sonntag.\n\n____\n\nUkraine Angry at Austrian Comments\n\nKyiv is “disappointed” by the “short-sighted” statements of Austrian Foreign Minister Alexander Schallenberg who suggested that full EU membership might not be the best option for Ukraine.\n\nOn Saturday, Schallenberg, while admitting that deepening ties with Ukraine is necessary as the EU is exporting the “Western way of life,” said that models other than full EU membership should be considered for Ukraine. He mentioned joining the European Economic Area or an association agreement as among the options.\n\nReacting to these comments, Ukrainian Foreign Ministry spokesman Oleg Nikolenko released a strong-worded statement on Sunday.\n\n“We are disappointed by the remarks of the Austrian Federal Minister of Foreign Affairs about the European future of Ukraine. We consider them to be strategically short-sighted and not in the interests of a united Europe,” Nikolenko said, adding that Schallenberg ignores the positive view of “the vast majority” of the populations of the EU’s founding members toward Ukrainian membership.\n\n______\n\nRussia and Ukraine Differ on Odessa Missile Strike\n\nRussian forces have destroyed a logistics terminal in Odessa that held a large batch of foreign weapons, Moscow announced on Saturday amid its ongoing military offensive in Ukraine. However, the city’s authorities have claimed that its air defense group destroyed two missiles but that another four hit a military target and residential buildings, leading to civilian deaths.\n\nIt was not immediately clear if the buildings were struck by the Russian attack or attempts by Ukrainian forces to strike down the missiles initially aimed at the military target.\n\nAccording to Russian military spokesman Major General Igor Konashenkov, in the afternoon, “high-precision long-range air-launched missiles” hit a logistics terminal located on a military airfield near Odessa, where “a large batch of foreign weapons received from the United States and European countries was stored.”\n\n_____\n\nSkating Chiefs Further Isolate Russia\n\nRussia has been stripped of its right to host a figure skating Grand Prix in the 2022–23 season, the International Skating Union (ISU) has confirmed, while further steps could be taken to sanction Russia and Belarus in the international arena.\n\nThe ISU confirmed on Monday that the traditional Russian stage of its Grand Prix series would not take place next season.\n\nThe event, known as the Rostelecom Cup, took place in Sochi last year but has also been held in Moscow and St. Petersburg.\n\n“Until further notice no International Competitions shall be held in Russia and Belarus. Consequently, the Rostelecom Cup 2022 in Figure Skating will not be included in the ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating series of the season 2022/23,” read an ISU statement.\n\n_____\n\nRussia Warns US Against Sending More Arms to Ukraine\n\nRussia has warned the United States against sending more arms to Ukraine, Moscow’s ambassador to Washington told Russian state television.\n\n“We stressed the unacceptability of this situation when the United States of America pours weapons into Ukraine, and we demanded an end to this practice,” Anatoly Antonov said in an interview with the Rossiya 24 TV channel.\n\nAntonov said an official diplomatic note had been sent to Washington expressing Russia’s concerns. He said such arms supplies from the United States would further aggravate the situation and raise the stakes of the conflict.\n\nWashington’s top diplomat and its defense secretary met Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Kyiv late on Sunday, pledging new assistance worth $713 million for Zelenskyy’s government and other countries in the region.\n\nEarlier in April, President Joe Biden announced an additional $800 million in military assistance to Ukraine, expanding the scope of the systems provided to include heavy artillery.\n\n_____\n\nRussia Strikes Ukrainian Oil Depot and Military Installations\n\nRussia struck Ukraine’s Kremenchuk oil refinery with long-range missiles and hit military installations in its former Soviet neighbor, the Russian defense ministry reported on Monday.\n\n“The armed forces of the Russian Federation continue the special military operation in Ukraine,” the ministry said.\n\nRussia said it struck Ukrainian military installations and the Kremenchuk oil refinery near the Dnipro River that the governor of the Poltava region had said was destroyed earlier this month.\n\n“High-precision long-range weapons destroyed fuel production facilities at an oil refinery on the northern outskirts of the city of Kremenchuk, as well as petroleum products storage facilities which fuelled military equipment for Ukrainian troops,” the ministry said.\n\n_____\n\nUS Says Diplomats to Return to Kyiv, as ‘Russia Has Already Failed’ in War Aims\n\nThe United States promised on Monday to reopen its embassy in Kyiv soon, as Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin and Secretary of State Antony Blinken visited Ukraine’s capital and hailed its success so far against Russia’s invasion.\n\nBoth men said the fact they were able to come to Kyiv was proof of Ukraine’s tenacity in forcing Moscow to abandon an assault on the capital last month, and promised more aid to fend off Russian troops now attempting an advance in the east.\n\nU.S. officials said they pledged new assistance worth $713 million for President Volodymyr Zelenskyy’s government and other countries in the region.\n\n“In terms of Russia’s war aims, Russia has already failed and Ukraine has already succeeded,” Blinken claimed in a briefing in Poland after the two officials returned.\n\nRussia has always denied intending to overthrow Ukraine’s government. Western countries say that was its aim from the outset but it failed in the face of Ukrainian resistance.\n\nThe relative calm in Kyiv is a contrast with the south and east of the country.\n\nSome 200 miles southeast of Kyiv, Russian missile strikes on an oil refinery and power plant in Kremenchuk killed one person and wounded seven, the governor of the Poltava region said. Moscow said it had destroyed oil production facilities there.\n\n_____\n\nUK Claims Russia Made Minor Advances in Ukraine After Its Shift to Donbass\n\nRussia has made minor advances in some areas since shifting its focus to fully occupying the Donbass, the U.K.’s Ministry of Defense claimed on Twitter on Monday.\n\nUkraine’s defense of Mariupol has also exhausted many Russian units and reduced their combat effectiveness, British military intelligence claimed.\n\n_____\n\n5 Railway Stations Come Under Fire in Ukraine, Casualties Reported: State Rail Company\n\nFive railway stations came under fire in western and central Ukraine on Monday, causing an unspecified number of casualties, Ukrainian television quoted state-run Ukrainian Railways as saying.\n\nOleksander Kamyshin, the company’s chief, said the attacks took place in the space of an hour and details were being checked.\n\n_____\n\nFire Erupts at Russian Oil Depot Near Border With Ukraine\n\nA fire has erupted at a Russian oil depot near the border with Ukraine.\n\nThe Tass news agency reported the fire early Monday in Bryansk. The Russian report said oil storage tanks at the facility caught fire around 2 a.m. local time.\n\nNASA satellites that track fires show a burning fire at coordinates that correspond to a Rosneft facility some 70 miles north of the Ukrainian border.\n\nAnton Gerashchenko, adviser to the head of Ukraine’s Ministry of Internal Affairs, was cited by the Ukrainian news agency Unian as saying that people who live near the burning oil depot were being evacuated.\n\nMoscow has previously blamed Ukraine for attacks on the Russian region of Bryansk, which borders Ukraine.\n\nUkraine’s top security officials have denied that Kyiv was behind an earlier airstrike on an oil depot in the Russian city of Belgorod, about 35 miles from the border.\n\n___\n\nBlinken, Austin Meet With Zelenskyy\n\nThe U.S. secretaries of state and defense met Sunday night with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the highest-level visit to the war-torn country’s capital by an American delegation since the start of Russia’s invasion.\n\nThe meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken and U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin was confirmed by presidential adviser Oleksiy Arestovych in an interview on Ukrainian TV.\n\nIt came as Ukraine pressed the West for more powerful weapons against Russia’s campaign in the Donbas region of eastern Ukraine, where Moscow’s forces sought to dislodge the last Ukrainian troops in the battered port of Mariupol.\n\n“Yes, they’re meeting with the president. Let’s hope something will be decided on further help,” Arestovych said in an interview on Ukrainian TV.\n\nBefore the session, Zelenskyy said he was looking for the Americans to produce results, both in arms and security guarantees.\n\n“You can’t come to us empty-handed today, and we are expecting not just presents or some kind of cakes, we are expecting specific things and specific weapons,” he said.\n\n___\n\nUkraine to Call for Heavy Arms When Top US Officials Visit Kyiv\n\nUkraine will ask U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin for more powerful weapons during an expected visit by the officials to Kyiv on Sunday, seeking to build the country’s defenses against the Russian invasion.\n\nThe trip by Blinken and Austin, announced earlier by Zelenskyy, would be the highest-level visit to Ukraine by U.S. officials since Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered the invasion of the country two months ago.\n\nThe White House has not confirmed any visit by Blinken and Austin. The State Department and Pentagon declined to comment.\n\n___\n\nNATO and Russian Military Presence in Mediterranean Sea at ‘Cold War’ Levels\n\nAs the conflict in Ukraine enters its third month, NATO and Russia have built up their naval forces in the Mediterranean Sea to the most significant levels in decades.\n\nThat was confirmed in a recent interview with Thibault Lavernhe, regional communication officer of French forces in the Mediterranean, who said that “Ukraine has changed things.”\n\n“The Americans are back. This hasn’t been the case since the Cold War,” he said. “Russia has doubled, if not tripled, its military capacity in the area” in terms of destroyers, submarines, and frigates, Lavernhe continued to say.\n\nRead the full article here\n\n___\n\nUkraine’s Military Says Russian Forces Are Trying to Storm Azovstal Plant\n\nRussian forces attempted to storm the Ukrainian-held Azovstal steel plant in the besieged southeastern city of Mariupol on Sunday, Ukrainian officials said, despite Russian President Vladimir Putin’s comments last week that the complex did not need to be taken.\n\nUkraine’s armed forces command wrote on Facebook that Russian forces were firing and performing “offensive operations” in the Azovstal area, as well as conducting airstrikes on civilian infrastructure.\n\nSerhiy Volyna, commander of Ukraine’s 36th Marine brigade forces in Mariupol, said in an interview with an opposition lawmaker that was shown on YouTube on Sunday that Russia was hitting the complex with air and artillery bombardments.\n\n“We are taking casualties, the situation is critical … we have very many wounded men, [some] are dying, it’s a difficult [situation] with guns, ammunition, food, medicines … the situation is rapidly worsening,” Volyna said, speaking from his location at the plant.\n\nKonstantin Ivaschenko, the official who has been designated mayor of Mariupol by Russia but not recognized as such by Ukraine, denied that any fighting was taking place in the city in comments reported by Russian news outlet Tass on Sunday.\n\nThe Epoch Times could not independently verify the Ukrainian or Russian accounts.\n\nKatabella Roberts, Jack Phillips, The Associated Press, and Reuters contributed to this report.', 'image': 'https://img.theepochtimes.com/assets/uploads/2022/04/22/MG-1-1200x675.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:40'}
{'title': 'ICC prosecutor to join EU team investigating crimes in Ukraine', 'keywords': ['crimes', 'war', 'president', 'kyiv', 'ukrainian', 'join', 'russian', 'investigating', 'russia', 'defence', 'told', 'military', 'icc', 'team', 'prosecutor'], 'polarity': 0.0599, 'subjectivity': 0.2776, 'link': 'https://www.france24.com/en/europe/20220425-live-blinken-and-austin-announce-us-aid-diplomatic-push-during-ukraine-visit', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:04', 'summary': 'The International Criminal Court\'s chief prosecutor will join an EU investigations team to probe possible international crimes committed in Ukraine, the EU\'s judicial cooperation agency said Monday.\nOf the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, Lavrov told Russian news agencies that he was confident that “everything will of course finish with the signing of an accord.\n5:03pm: ICC prosecutor to join EU team investigating crimes in UkraineThe International Criminal Court\'s chief prosecutor will join an EU investigations team to probe possible international crimes committed in Ukraine, the EU\'s judicial cooperation agency said Monday.\n10:29am: Russia strikes Ukrainian oil depot, defence ministry saysRussia struck Ukraine\'s Kremenchuk oil refinery with long-range missiles, according to the Russian defence ministry.\n"Starting this week, members of that team will be able to do day trips instead into Ukraine," he said.', 'channel': 'france24.com', 'text': 'As it happened\n\nA boy stands next to a wrecked vehicle in front of an apartment building damaged during the Ukraine-Russia conflict in the southern port city of Mariupol, Ukraine, on April 24, 2022.\n\nThe International Criminal Court\'s chief prosecutor will join an EU investigations team to probe possible international crimes committed in Ukraine, the EU\'s judicial cooperation agency said Monday. It will mark the first time the Hague-based ICC – set up in 2002 as an independent tribunal to probe the world\'s worst crimes – will take part in a joint investigation with other countries. Follow the day\'s events as they unfolded on our liveblog. All times are in Paris time (GMT+2).\n\nAdvertising Read more\n\nThis live page is no longer being updated. For more of our coverage of the war in Ukraine, click here.\n\n04:36am: Pressure mounts on Germany’s Schroeder over Russia ties\n\nPressure was growing Monday inside Germany’s Social Democratic Party (SPD) to expel their former leader and ex-chancellor Gerhard Schroeder over his apparent refusal to renounce his business ties with Russia.\n\nSchroeder, who is a lobbyist for Russian gas and has close ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin, sparked fresh outrage following remarks in an interview with the New York Times published this weekend.\n\nUnrepentant over his business links with Russia, he told the newspaper: “I don’t do mea culpa. It’s not my thing.”\n\nSPD co-president Saskia Esken was asked in an interview with state radio whether Schroeder should quit the party.\n\n“I think he should,” she replied. The party was currently examining 14 motions to have its former leader expelled, she told journalists later, adding that the final decision would come down to the party’s arbitration body.\n\nBut she also told journalists: “He makes his money working for Russian state businesses… Gerhard Schroeder has for many years been a businessman, and we should stop seeing him as a former honourable leader, a former chancellor.”\n\nThomas Kutschaty, another senior party figure, was equally scathing.\n\n“He has to choose,” he told Welt TV. “Either he keeps supporting Putin, or he is a member of the Social Democrats, but the two are not compatible.\n\nFRANCE 24’s Joseph Keen reports:\n\n01:21\n\n03:10am: Britain to lift all tariffs on Ukrainian imports\n\nAll tariffs on goods coming to Britain from Ukraine under an existing free trade deal will be axed to help the Ukrainian economy, the British government announced on Monday.\n\nLondon said tariffs would be reduced to zero and all quotas removed following a direct request from Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky, saying the move would provide a boost for Ukrainian businesses involved in key exports such as barley, honey, tinned tomatoes and poultry.\n\n“We stand unwaveringly with Ukraine in this ongoing fight and will work to ensure Ukraine survives and thrives as a free and sovereign nation,” said British International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan.\n\nBritain said currently the average tariff on Ukrainian imports was about 22 percent. It said the planned change had been offered on a non-reciprocal basis, but Kyiv was likely to match the British action.\n\nAdditionally, the British government said it would also impose further export bans on products to Russia, including cash, maritime goods and technology, and energy-related goods. Last week, it ramped up sanctions on luxury goods including caviar, silver and diamonds.\n\n01:59am: US hosts Ukraine talks in Germany as war enters critical phase\n\nThe United States will host an expected gathering of more than 40 countries on Tuesday for Ukraine-related defense talks that will focus on arming Kyiv so it can defend against an unfolding and potentially decisive Russian onslaught in the east, US officials said.\n\nUS Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin is holding the event at Ramstein Air Base in Germany following a trip to Kyiv where he pledged additional support to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky’s war effort.\n\nUS Army General Mark Milley, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said a key goal of the talks was to synchronize and coordinate mounting security assistance to Kyiv that includes heavy weaponry, like howitzer artillery, as well armed drones and ammunition.\n\n“The next several weeks will be very, very critical,” Milley told reporters travelling with him. “They need continued support in order to be successful on the battlefield. And that’s really the purpose of this conference.”\n\nApril 26, 12:17am: Russia says NATO engaging in ‘proxy’ war in Ukraine, arms shipments legitimate targets\n\nDeliveries of Western weaponry to Ukraine mean that the NATO alliance is “in essence engaged in war with Russia” and Moscow views these weapons as legitimate targets, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said in an interview aired on Monday.\n\n“These weapons will be a legitimate target for Russia’s military acting within the context of the special operation,” Lavrov told state television in an interview posted on the foreign ministry’s website.\n\n“Storage facilities in western Ukraine have been targeted more than once (by Russian forces). How can it be otherwise?” Lavrov said. “NATO, in essence, is engaged in a war with Russia through a proxy and is arming that proxy. War means war.”\n\n11:34pm: US Senate leader expects ‘swift’ action on next round of military funding to Ukraine\n\nUS Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer on Monday said he expected “swift, bipartisan” passage of another bill to aid Ukraine in its fight against Russia once President Joe Biden submits a new funding request.\n\nWhile Schumer did not provide any details on the possible size of such a package, he said, “We must continue helping the people of Ukraine in their fight against Russian aggression” and “I expect swift bipartisan cooperation to get it done.”\n\n11:25pm: UK says Russian invasion likely to cut Ukraine’s grain harvest by 20 percent this year\n\nThe Russian invasion of Ukraine has significantly disrupted Ukrainian agricultural production, the UK’s ministry of defence tweeted in a regular bulletin on Monday.\n\n“Ukrainian grain harvest for 2022 is likely to be around 20% lower than 2021 due to reduced sowing areas following invasion,” it said.\n\nThe reduced grain supply from Ukraine will generate inflationary pressures, elevating the global price of grain, British military intelligence said.\n\nLatest Defence Intelligence update on the situation in Ukraine - 25 April 2022 Find out more about the UK government\'s response: https://t.co/GTz05lanun 🇺🇦 #StandWithUkraine 🇺🇦 pic.twitter.com/cTCajm8Y7p — Ministry of Defence 🇬🇧 (@DefenceHQ) April 25, 2022\n\n10:50pm: Russia\'s Lavrov says military situation to determine any agreement with Ukraine\n\nRussian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Monday that the Ukrainian conflict will end with an agreement but its content will depend on the military situation.\n\nOf the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, Lavrov told Russian news agencies that he was confident that “everything will of course finish with the signing of an accord.\n\n“But the parameters of this accord will be defined by the state of the fighting that will have taken place at the moment the accord becomes reality,” he added.\n\nLavrov also told Russian state television in an interview that Kyiv was only imitating negotiations, according to a transcript published on the foreign ministry’s website.\n\n9:57pm: White House says more sanctions against Russia likely\n\nThe United States is likely to impose more economic sanctions against Russia over its invasion of Ukraine and “no one is safe from our sanctions”, White House press secretary Jen Psaki said on Monday.\n\nPsaki would not comment specifically on a Wall Street Journal report that the reported mother of three of Russian President Vladimir Putin’s children had so far not been sanctioned to avoid riling Putin.\n\n6:55pm: United Kingdom to ship missile launch vehicles to Ukraine\n\nBritain is to send to Ukraine armoured vehicles able to fire missiles against invading Russian aircraft, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said on Monday.\n\nUkrainian forces have been using UK-donated Starstreak high velocity and low velocity missiles against Russian forces for over three weeks, he told parliament.\n\n"We shall be gifting a small number of armoured vehicles fitted with launchers for those anti-air missiles," Wallace said.\n\n"These Stormer vehicles will give Ukraine forces enhanced short-range anti-air capabilities both day and night."\n\nFears of escalating the conflict mean that NATO members including Britain are limited in what military hardware they can send to Ukraine.\n\nWallace said Britain\'s military contribution so far included 5,000 anti-tank missiles, five air defence systems with over 100 missiles and 4.5 tonnes of plastic explosive.\n\n5:03pm: ICC prosecutor to join EU team investigating crimes in Ukraine\n\nThe International Criminal Court\'s chief prosecutor will join an EU investigations team to probe possible international crimes committed in Ukraine, the EU\'s judicial cooperation agency said Monday.\n\nIt will be the first time the Hague-based ICC—set up in 2002 as an independent tribunal to probe the world\'s worst crimes—will take part in a joint investigation with other countries.\n\n"The Office of the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court (ICC) in The Hague will become a participant in the joint investigation team (JIT) on alleged core international crimes committed in Ukraine," Eurojust said in a statement.\n\nChief prosecutor Karim Khan has signed an agreement with prosecutors general of Lithuania, Poland and Ukraine to take part in a joint investigative team to look into possible war crimes and crimes against humanity committed since Russia\'s invasion on February 24.\n\nThe agreement "aims to facilitate investigations and prosecutions in the concerned states as well as those that could be taken forward before the ICC", the Hague-based Eurojust said.\n\nBrussels too supported the move, proposing to broaden Eurojust\'s mandate to allow the agency to "collect, preserve and share evidence of war crimes" to help bolster the probe in Ukraine\n\n4:02pm: Kyiv says Russian strikes on rail infrastructure kill 5 in central Ukraine\n\nAt least five people were killed and another 18 injured on Monday in Russian strikes on railway infrastructure in the central Ukraine region of Vinnytsia, Kyiv said.\n\n"Preliminary information shows that five people died and 18 were injured. Rescue operations are under way, investigators, prosecutors and other services are working at the scene," the office of the Ukrainian prosecutor general said in a statement on social media.\n\n3:37pm: Ukraine war has consequences for Asia, EU chief warns neutral India\n\nRussia\'s invasion of Ukraine threatens India\'s regional security, the European Union chief Ursula von der Leyen said Monday during a trip to New Delhi aimed at fostering deeper strategic ties.\n\nVon der Leyen is the latest visiting Western diplomat to press India, which gets most of its arms from Russia, over its neutral stance on the conflict.\n\nBoth the EU and India face challenges from a rising China, and von der Leyen raised the spectre of Beijing\'s partnership with Moscow to warn the war had consequences further afield than Europe.\n\n"The outcome of the war will not only determine the future of Europe but also deeply affect the Indo-Pacific region," she told an audience at the Raisina Dialogue, an annual geopolitical conference in New Delhi.\n\n"Russia and China have forged a seemingly unrestrained pact. They have declared that the friendship between them has \'no limits\'... What can we expect from the \'new international relations\' that both have called for?"\n\nVon der Leyen\'s trip to New Delhi follows several recent overtures from high-profile diplomatic guests seeking to lure India away from Russia.\n\n3:32pm: Russia expels 40 German diplomats\n\nRussia\'s foreign ministry said on Monday that it had declared 40 German diplomatic staff "personae non gratae" in a retaliatory move after Berlin expelled the same number of Russian diplomats.\n\nRussia\'s foreign ministry said in a statement that it had taken the decision after Germany on April 4 declared a "significant number" of officials at the Russian embassy in Berlin "undesirable".\n\nGermany announced the expulsion of 40 Russian diplomats on April 4 following mounting evidence of civilian killings and mass graves in Bucha, near the Ukrainian capital Kyiv.\n\n3:06pm: Another 45,000 people escape Ukraine amid war\n\nMore than 5.2 million Ukrainians have fled the country since Russia launched its invasion two months ago, with over 45,000 joining their ranks in the past 24 hours, the United Nations said Monday.\n\nIn total, 5,232,014 people have fled Ukraine as refugees since February 24, according to the latest data from the UN refugee agency, UNHCR.\n\nThat marks an increase of 45,270 over Sunday’s figure.\n\nThe outflow has slowed since the start of the war. Since the beginning of April, just under 1.2 million Ukrainians have fled the country, after some 3.4 million left in March.\n\nThe UN’s International Organization for Migration (IOM) said an additional 218,000 citizens of third countries—largely students and migrant workers—have also fled to neighbouring countries since the invasion began.\n\nWomen and children account for 90 percent of those who have fled abroad, with men aged 18 to 60 eligible for military call-up unable to leave.\n\nBeyond the refugees, the IOM estimates more than 7.7 million people have been displaced within Ukraine.\n\nAlmost two-thirds of Ukrainian children have had to flee their homes, including those who remain in the country.\n\n2:45pm: Visit by top US officials sign of improved security situation in Kyiv\n\nA visit by US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Secretary of Defence Lloyd Austin to Kyiv on Sunday is a strong sign that the security situation in Ukraine\'s capital has improved. FRANCE 24\'s Gulliver Cragg reports.\n\n03:11 © France 24\n\n1:08pm: Biden nominates ambassador to Ukraine\n\nUS President Joe Biden has nominated Bridget Brink, the current ambassador to Slovakia, to be the new US ambassador to Ukraine, according to a White House statement.\n\nA foreign service career member, Brink has previously worked at the US embassies in Uzbekistan and Georgia.\n\nThe position must be confirmed by the US Senate.\n\nThe announcement came a day after US Secretary of State Antony Blinken promised a renewed diplomatic push between Washington and Kyiv during his visit to Ukraine.\n\nBlinken said the small staff from the now-shuttered US Embassy in Kyiv, which has relocated to Poland from temporary offices in the western Ukrainian city of Lviv, would begin making day trips to Lviv in the coming days.Though several European countries have already reopened their embassies in Kyiv, the return will be gradual for US diplomats, said Blinken.\n\n1:05pm: Putin accuses West of trying to murder Russian journalists\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin has accused the West of trying to murder Russian journalists and claimed the country’s intelligence agency, the Federal Security Service (FSB), had thwarted one such attempt on a TV reporter.\n\nSpeaking on state television, Putin accused foreign special forces, including the CIA, of attempting to advise Kyiv on the murder of Russian journalists.\n\nPutin did not, however, provide evidence to support his claim.\n\n12:32pm: Ukraine denies any deal of ceasefire near Azovstal plant\n\nUkrainian authorities denied that there had been any agreement on a humanitarian corridor despite an announcement from Russia.\n\n“It is important to understand that a humanitarian corridor opens by the agreement of both sides," Deputy Prime Minister Iryna Vereshschuk said on the Telegram messaging app. "A corridor announced unilaterally does not provide security, and therefore is not a humanitarian corridor."\n\nRussia\'s defence ministry on Monday announced a ceasefire around the Azovstal steel plant in Mariupol to allow a civilian evacuation from the industrial area that has been sheltering the remaining Ukrainian resistance in the port city.\n\nRussian troops "from 14:00 Moscow time (1100 GMT) on April 25, 2022, will unilaterally stop any hostilities, withdraw units to a safe distance and ensure the withdrawal of" civilians, the defence ministry said in a statement.\n\n10:36am: Russian rockets hit Vinnytsia region, deaths reported: governor\n\nRussia fired rockets at two towns in Ukraine\'s central Vinnytsia region, causing an unspecified number of deaths and injuries, regional Governor Serhiy Borzov reported.\n\n"Today, Vinnytsia region is once again under rocket fire (in) the towns of Zhmerynka and Kozyatyn. The enemy is attempting to hit critical infrastructure," Borzov said in a video released on the Telegram messaging app.\n\nRussia did not immediately comment on his remarks.\n\n10:29am: Russia strikes Ukrainian oil depot, defence ministry says\n\nRussia struck Ukraine\'s Kremenchuk oil refinery with long-range missiles, according to the Russian defence ministry.\n\n"High-precision long-range weapons destroyed fuel production facilities at an oil refinery on the northern outskirts of the city of Kremenchuk, as well as petroleum products storage facilities which fuelled military equipment for Ukrainian troops," the ministry said.\n\nThe governor of the the Poltava region where Kremenchuk is based had said the refinery was destroyed earlier this month.\n\n9:25am: Five railway stations come under fire: Ukrainian state rail company\n\nFive railway stations came under fire in western and central Ukraine on Monday morning, causing an unspecified number of casualties, Ukrainian television quoted state-run Ukrainian Railways as saying.\n\nOleksander Kamyshin, the company\'s chief, said the attacks took place in the space of an hour and details were being checked.\n\n9:08am: US wants Russia \'weakened\' so it cannot invade again: Austin\n\nThe US wants Russia\'s military capability weakened so that it cannot carry out another invasion, US Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin told journalists after returning from a trip to Kyiv.\n\n"We want to see Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," Austin told a group of journalists in Poland.\n\nAustin also said Ukraine can win the war against Russia if it had the right equipment. "The first step in winning is believing that you can win. And so they believe that we can win," he said. "We believe that we can win, they can win if they have the right equipment, the right support."\n\n7:41am: UK says Russia made minor advances in Ukraine after its shift to Donbas\n\nRussia has made minor advances in some areas since shifting its focus to fully occupying the eastern Donbas region, the UK\'s Ministry of Defence has tweeted.\n\n"Without sufficient logistical and combat support enablers in place, Russia has yet to achieve a significant breakthrough," it said.\n\nUkraine\'s defence of the southern city of Mariupol has also exhausted many Russian units and reduced their combat effectiveness, British military intelligence said.\n\nLatest Defence Intelligence update on the situation in Ukraine - 25 April 2022\n\n\n\nFind out more about the UK government\'s response: https://t.co/7NVrOfB161\n\n\n\n🇺🇦 #StandWithUkraine 🇺🇦 pic.twitter.com/OfcnHgGfR3 — Ministry of Defence 🇬🇧 (@DefenceHQ) April 25, 2022\n\n6:41am: US aid to Ukraine and neighbours, diplomatic presence in Kyiv\n\nDuring their visit to Kyiv on Sunday – the highest-level US visit since the Russian invasion on February 24 – Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin told Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and his advisers that the US would provide more than $300 million in foreign military financing and had approved a $165 million sale of ammunition.\n\nMoney will also go to Ukraine\'s regional allies who need to resupply after sending weapons to their neighbour.\n\nThey also said US President Joe Biden would soon announce his nominee for ambassador to Ukraine and that US diplomats who left Ukraine before the war would start returning to the country this coming week. The US embassy in Kyiv will remain closed for the moment.\n\nBlinken said Biden in the coming days planned to nominate the current US ambassador to Slovakia, Bridget Brink, as the new ambassador to Kyiv, a post that has been officially empty since 2019.\n\nThough several European countries have already reopened their embassies in Kyiv, the return will be gradual for American diplomats, according to a State Department official.\n\n"Since the start of hostilities, we\'ve had a team across the border in Poland who\'s been handling this work for us," the official told reporters waiting for Blinken and Austin on the Polish side of the border.\n\n"Starting this week, members of that team will be able to do day trips instead into Ukraine," he said. "Ultimately, (they will) resume presence in Kyiv."\n\nApril 25, 12:24am: Zelensky congratulates France’s Macron on reelection\n\nUkraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky congratulated French President Emmanuel Macron on his re-election, saying the French president was a “true friend”.\n\n“Congratulations to the President and a true friend @EmmanuelMacron on the election victory,” Zelensky wrote in French on his Twitter account in the early hours on Monday.\n\n“I wish Emmanuel Macron new successes for the benefit of the French people. I appreciate the support of France and I am convinced: We are stepping together to new common victories! To a strong and united Europe!”\n\nFélicitations à @EmmanuelMacron, un vrai ami de l’Ukraine, pour sa réélection! Je lui souhaite de nouveaux succès pour le bien du peuple 🇫🇷. J\'apprécie son soutien et je suis convaincu que nous avançons ensemble vers de nouvelles victoires communes. Vers une Europe forte et unie! — Володимир Зеленський (@ZelenskyyUa) April 24, 2022\n\n(FRANCE 24 with AFP, AP and REUTERS)\n\nDaily newsletterReceive essential international news every morning Subscribe', 'image': 'https://s.france24.com/media/display/38cf0db0-c4af-11ec-b65b-005056bf8594/w:1280/p:16x9/2022-04-25T120048Z_1164771255_RC2KTT9PE0FZ_RTRMADP_3_UKRAINE-CRISIS-SNAPSHOT.JPG', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:04'}
{'title': "Russia is failing, Ukraine is succeeding, says US's Blinken", 'keywords': ['ukrainian', 'million', 'mr', 'succeeding', 'defence', 'officials', 'military', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0333, 'subjectivity': 0.2929, 'link': 'https://jerseyeveningpost.com/uncategorised/2022/04/25/russia-is-failing-ukraine-is-succeeding-says-uss-blinken/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:53', 'summary': 'US secretary of state Antony Blinken has said Russia is failing in its war aims and “Ukraine is succeeding”.\nMr Blinken told reporters near the Polish-Ukrainian border on Monday: “We had an opportunity to demonstrate directly our strong ongoing support for the Ukrainian government and the Ukrainian people.\nAn estimated 1,000 civilians are also sheltering in the steelworks, and the Russian military pledged to open a humanitarian corridor on Monday for them to leave.\nMr Biden has accused Russian President Vladimir Putin of genocide for the destruction and death wrought on Ukraine.\n(PA Graphics)From Poland, Mr Blinken plans to return to Washington while Mr Austin will head to Ramstein in Germany for a meeting Tuesday of Nato defence ministers and other donor countries.', 'channel': 'jerseyeveningpost.com', 'text': 'US secretary of state Antony Blinken has said Russia is failing in its war aims and “Ukraine is succeeding”.\n\nHis secrecy-shrouded visit to Kyiv along with defence secretary Lloyd Austin was the highest-level American visit to the capital since Russia invaded in late February.\n\nThey told Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and his advisers that the US will provide more than 300 million dollars (£234 million) in foreign military financing and had approved a 165 million dollar (£128 million) sale of ammunition.\n\nMr Blinken told reporters near the Polish-Ukrainian border on Monday: “We had an opportunity to demonstrate directly our strong ongoing support for the Ukrainian government and the Ukrainian people. This was, in our judgment, an important moment to be there to have face-to-face conversations in detail.”\n\nSpeaking in Monday’s video address, he said the US is offering “powerful” support to his country. Mr Zelensky added that they agreed “on further steps to strengthen the armed forces of Ukraine and meet all the priority needs of our army”.\n\nHe noted that ramping up sanctions against Moscow was also on the meeting’s agenda.\n\nMr Austin said Mr Zelensky’s response to the aid was deep appreciation for what was being given but “he has the mindset that they want to win and we have the mindset that we want to help them win”.\n\nThe talks came as Russia unleashed a string of attacks against Ukrainian rail and fuel facilities on Monday, striking crucial infrastructure far from the front line of its eastern offensive, which Britain said has yet to achieve a significant breakthrough.\n\nUS Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin, third from left, and Secretary of State Antony Blinken, forth from left, meet Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, fourth from right, in Kyiv (Ukrainian Presidential Press Office/AP)\n\nWhen Russia invaded on February 24, its apparent goal was a lightning offensive that would quickly take the capital and perhaps even topple the government in Kyiv. But the Ukrainians, aided by Western weapons, bogged down President Vladimir Putin’s troops and thwarted their push to Kyiv.\n\nMoscow now says its focus is in the eastern region of the Donbas, but one senior military official says it also wants to control southern Ukraine. While both sides said the campaign in the east has begun, it has yet to gather steam.\n\nA small group of Ukrainian troops holed up in a steel plant in the strategic city of Mariupol are tying down Russian forces, and keeping them from being added to the offensive elsewhere in the Donbas, Britain’s Ministry of Defence said on Monday.\n\nOver the weekend, Russian forces launched fresh air strikes on the steel plant in an attempt to dislodge the estimated 2,000 fighters inside. An estimated 1,000 civilians are also sheltering in the steelworks, and the Russian military pledged to open a humanitarian corridor on Monday for them to leave.\n\nRussian tanks roll along a street in an area controlled by Russian-backed separatist forces in Mariupol, Ukraine (Alexei Alexandrov/AP)\n\nBut for now, the British Defence Ministry said that Ukrainian forces have repelled numerous assaults in the past week and “inflicted significant cost on Russian forces”. It said, so far, Russia has “yet to achieve a significant breakthrough” since shifting its focus to the Donbas.\n\nInstead, Russian missiles and war planes struck far behind the front line of that offensive on Monday.\n\nOleksandr Kamyshin, the head of the state-run Ukrainian Railways, said five railway facilities in central and western Ukraine were hit on Monday, including a missile attack near the western city of Lviv.\n\nSerhiy Borzov, the governor of Ukraine’s central Vinnytsia region, said there were casualties after rocket strikes targeting “critical infrastructure”. It was not clear if that referred to the attacks on the railways.\n\nSmoke rises from oil storage facilities hit by fire in Bryansk, Russia (Anonymous source via AP)\n\nMeanwhile, a major fire erupted early Monday at an oil depot in a Russian city about 60 miles from the Ukrainian border, Russia’s Emergencies Ministry said. No cause was given for the blaze.\n\nThe oil depot in Bryansk is owned by a subsidiary of the Russian state-controlled company Transneft, which operates the Druzhba pipeline that carries crude west to other European countries.\n\nA Russian news report said that another oil storage facility in Bryansk also caught fire early Monday.\n\nIn footage later released by the Ukrainian presidency of the meeting with top US officials, Mr Blinken praised the “extraordinary courage and leadership and success that you’ve had in pushing back this horrific Russian aggression”.\n\nMr Austin said at the news conference that “the world has been inspired” by Ukraine in the war and that America will continue its support. “What you’ve done in repelling the Russians in the Battle of Kyiv is extraordinary,” he said.\n\nMr Zelensky had announced on Saturday that he would meet the US officials in Kyiv on Sunday, but Joe Biden’s administration refused to confirm that and declined to discuss details of a possible visit even though planning had been under way for more than a week.\n\nJournalists who travelled to Poland with Mr Austin and Mr Blinken were barred from reporting on the trip until it ended, were not allowed to accompany them on their overland journey into Ukraine, and were prohibited from specifying where in south-east Poland they waited for the Cabinet members to return. Officials at the State Department and the Pentagon cited security concerns.\n\nUkrainian President Volodymyr had urged the Americans not to go empty-handed (Ukrainian Presidential Press Office/AP)\n\nSuch financing is different from previous US military assistance for Ukraine. It is not a donation of drawn-down US Defence Department stockpiles, but rather cash that countries can use to purchase supplies that they might need.\n\nThe new money, along with the sale of 165 million dollars (£128 million) in non-US made ammunition that is compatible with Soviet-era weapons the Ukrainians use, takes the total amount of American military assistance to Ukraine to 3.7 billion dollars (£2.9 billion) since the invasion, officials said.\n\nUS officials said they believed the new assistance would satisfy at least some of the Ukrainians’ urgent pleas for more help. New artillery, including howitzers, continues to be delivered at a rapid pace to Ukraine’s military, which is being trained on its use in neighbouring countries, the officials said.\n\nUS Secretary of State Antony Blinken boards a plane to return to Washington (Alex Brandon/Pool/AP)\n\nMs Brink, a career foreign service officer, has served since 2019 as ambassador to Slovakia. She previously held assignments in Serbia, Cyprus, Georgia and Uzbekistan as well as with the White House National Security Council. The post requires confirmation by the US Senate.\n\nMr Blinken also told Ukraine’s foreign minister that the small staff from the US embassy in Kyiv, which has relocated to Poland from temporary offices in the western Ukrainian city of Lviv, will begin making day trips to Lviv in the coming days.\n\nOfficials said the US had accelerated its review of security conditions in the capital and that the State Department will reopen the embassy there as soon as the situation allows.\n\nMr Biden has accused Russian President Vladimir Putin of genocide for the destruction and death wrought on Ukraine. On Thursday, the US leader said he would provide a new package of 800 million dollars (£623 million) in military aid to Ukraine that included heavy artillery and drones.\n\n(PA Graphics)\n\nFrom Poland, Mr Blinken plans to return to Washington while Mr Austin will head to Ramstein in Germany for a meeting Tuesday of Nato defence ministers and other donor countries.\n\nThat discussion will look at battlefield updates from the ground, additional security assistance for Ukraine and longer-term defence needs in Europe, including how to step up military production to fill gaps caused by the war in Ukraine, officials said. More than 20 nations are expected to send representatives to the meeting.', 'image': 'https://jerseyeveningpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/25144250/Img33212545-4.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:53'}
{'title': 'ukraine: Russia pounds eastern Ukraine as West promises Kyiv new arms', 'keywords': ['russias', 'troops', 'kyiv', 'donbas', 'ukrainian', 'region', 'ukraine', 'russia', 'defense', 'west', 'moscow', 'russian'], 'polarity': -0.0386, 'subjectivity': 0.3035, 'link': 'https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/europe/russia-pounds-eastern-ukraine-as-west-promises-kyiv-new-arms/articleshow/91100364.cms', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:48', 'summary': 'Germany announced it cleared the way for delivery of Gepard anti-aircraft guns to Ukraine.\n"After fierce defense by Ukrainian forces thwarted Russia\'s attempt to take Ukraine\'s capital early in the war, Moscow now says its focus is the Donbas, the mostly Russian-speaking industrial region in eastern Ukraine.\nDefense Secretary Ben Wallace said 25 per cent of the Russian combat units sent to Ukraine "have been rendered not combat effective.\n"Ukrainian officials have said about 2,500 to 3,000 Ukrainian troops had been killed as of mid-April.\nThe West hopes that boosting arms supplies will help remaining fighters repel Russia\'s invasion.', 'channel': 'timesofindia.indiatimes.com', 'text': 'TORETSK: Russia pounded eastern Ukraine on Tuesday as the US defense secretary promised to "keep moving heaven and earth" to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive even as Moscow warned such support risked widening the war.Two months into the devastating conflict, Western arms have already helped Ukraine stall Russia\'s invasion but its leaders have said they need more support fast.US Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that help was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the United States\' Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons. Germany announced it cleared the way for delivery of Gepard anti-aircraft guns to Ukraine."This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks. He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting "with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine\'s near-term security requirements because we\'re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them."After fierce defense by Ukrainian forces thwarted Russia\'s attempt to take Ukraine\'s capital early in the war, Moscow now says its focus is the Donbas, the mostly Russian-speaking industrial region in eastern Ukraine. That move is already having a devastating effect on civilians trapped in the conflict.In the small city of Toretsk, residents are struggling to survive, collecting rainwater for cleaning and washing up and fervently hoping for an end to the fighting. "It\'s bad. Very bad. Hopeless," said Andriy Cheromushkin. "You feel so helpless that you don\'t know what you should do or shouldn\'t do. Because if you want to do something, you need some money; and there is no money now."With the potentially pivotal battle for the Donbas underway, the US and its Nato allies are scrambling to get artillery and other heavy weaponry to that area in time to make a difference.German Defense Minister Christine Lambrecht said her government decided on Monday to clear the delivery of Gepard self-propelled armored anti-aircraft guns to Ukraine, though she didn\'t give details. German Chancellor Olaf Scholz has faced mounting pressure, including from within his governing coalition, to approve sending heavy weapons such as tanks and other armored vehicles to Ukraine.Austin also noted Tuesday that more than 30 allies and partners have joined the US in sending security assistance to Ukraine and more than $5 billion worth of equipment committed.The meeting in Germany comes after Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , speaking on Russian television, warned weapons supplied by Western countries "will be a legitimate target," and accused Nato of "pouring oil on the fire" with its support for Ukraine, according to a transcript on the Russian Foreign Ministry\'s website.Lavrov also warned against provoking World War III and said the threat of a nuclear conflict "should not be underestimated." Russian President Vladimir Putin has cited Nato\'s expansion and the risk that Kyiv could join the alliance as reasons for his invasion.UK Armed Forces Minister James Heappey rejected Lavrov\'s accusations of Nato aggression as "utter nonsense." He said "the reason there is a war in Ukraine right now is because Russia rolled over the borders of a sovereign country and started to invade their territory."Heappey also said Russia was making "unsound" military decisions and giving away tactical advantages because of Putin\'s desire to secure some kind of victory by May 9, when Russia marks its victory in World War II.Amid the talk of arms shipments, diplomatic efforts to seek an end to the fighting also continued. United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres met Lavrov on Tuesday and called again for a cease-fire. The UN chief is scheduled to meet Putin later.Elsewhere, International Atomic Energy Agency Director General Rafael Mariano Grossi visited the Chernobyl nuclear plant to deliver equipment, conduct radiological assessments and restore safeguards monitoring systems after tanks and troops churned up highly contaminated soil there in the early hours of Russia\'s invasion in February. His visit comes on the anniversary of the disaster at the plant in 1986, the world\'s worst nuclear accident.In its latest assessment of the fighting, the British Defense Ministry reported Russian advances and heavy fighting in the Donbas region, with one town, Kreminna, reportedly falling after days of street-to-street fighting.Ukraine\'s General Staff said Russian forces shelled Kharkiv, the country\'s second-largest city that lies outside the Donbas but has seen significant attacks as Moscow seeks full control of the region. Ukrainian forces struck back in the Kherson region in the south.A senior Russian military official has said that Russia\'s goal is full control of Ukraine\'s east and south, which would give it a swath of land that lies between Russia and Crimea, which Moscow seized in 2014.Four people died and nine more were wounded on Monday in the Russian shelling of the Donetsk region of the Donbas, its governor Pavlo Kyrylenko said on Telegram. He said a 9-year-old girl and a 14-year-old boy were among those killed.The city council and mayor of Mariupol said a new mass grave was identified about 10 kilometers (6 miles) north of the port city, which is key to the battle of the Donbas. Mayor Vadym Boychenko said authorities were trying to estimate the number of victims. It was at least the third new mass grave discovered in Russian-controlled areas near Mariupol in the last week.Mariupol has been gutted by bombardment and fierce street fighting over the past two months. Russia\'s capture of the city, where an estimated 2,000 Ukrainian troops and some 1,000 civilians are reportedly sheltering in a sprawling steel works, would deprive Ukraine of a vital port, help complete the land corridor to Crimea and free up troops to redeploy elsewhere in the Donbas.Britain said it believes 15,000 Russian troops have been killed in Ukraine since Russia\'s invasion began - far above the 1,351 deaths acknowledged by Moscow. Defense Secretary Ben Wallace said 25 per cent of the Russian combat units sent to Ukraine "have been rendered not combat effective."Ukrainian officials have said about 2,500 to 3,000 Ukrainian troops had been killed as of mid-April. The West hopes that boosting arms supplies will help remaining fighters repel Russia\'s invasion. As he opened the meeting in Germany, Austin sought to reassure Kyiv: "We know, and you should know, that all of us have your back and that\'s why we\'re here today - to strengthen the arsenal of Ukrainian democracy."', 'image': 'https://static.toiimg.com/thumb/msid-91101322,width-1070,height-580,imgsize-62954,resizemode-75,overlay-toi_sw,pt-32,y_pad-40/photo.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:48'}
{'title': 'Johnson plays down fears of Russian nuclear strike on Ukraine', 'keywords': ['plays', 'minister', 'johnson', 'space', 'russia', 'ukrainians', 'fears', 'warned', 'political', 'strike', 'nuclear', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0896, 'subjectivity': 0.3072, 'link': 'https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/vladimir-putin-boris-johnson-ukraine-prime-minister-sergei-lavrov-b2066117.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:18', 'summary': 'Boris Johnson has dismissed fears President Vladimir Putin could launch a tactical nuclear strike if his forces continue to be bogged down in Ukraine.\nSome analysts have warned a frustrated Russian leader could use his arsenal of low-yield, battlefield nuclear weapons if they suffered further reverses at the hands of the Ukrainians.\nEarlier, Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov warned that the threat of nuclear conflict “should not be under-estimated”.\n“I think he has far more political space than people worry about.\n“This remains very much in line with our principle of evolving our support to Ukraine as the conflict evolves and their capability requirements change.”', 'channel': 'independent.co.uk', 'text': 'Boris Johnson has dismissed fears President Vladimir Putin could launch a tactical nuclear strike if his forces continue to be bogged down in Ukraine.\n\nThe Prime Minister said the overwhelming support in Russia for the invasion meant Mr Putin had the “political margin for manoeuvre” to back down and withdraw his forces if they fail to breakthrough.\n\nSome analysts have warned a frustrated Russian leader could use his arsenal of low-yield, battlefield nuclear weapons if they suffered further reverses at the hands of the Ukrainians.\n\nEarlier, Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov warned that the threat of nuclear conflict “should not be under-estimated”.\n\nHe accused Nato allies of “pouring oil on the fire” by providing increasingly powerful weaponry to the Ukrainians as he warned against provoking “World War Three”.\n\nHowever, in an interview with TalkTV, Mr Johnson insisted the situation was not as perilous as had been suggested and that the West did not need to make “concessions” to avoid an escalation of the conflict.\n\nHe said: “Given the massive Russian backing for what he is doing, given the apparent obliviousness of the Russian media about what is really happening in Ukraine, the paradox is that Putin has far more political space to back down, to withdraw.\n\n(PA Graphics) (PA Graphics)\n\n“There will come a point when you (Putin) say to the Russian people ‘The military technical operation we launched in Ukraine has been accomplished, it has been technically a success’.\n\n“I think he has far more political space than people worry about. People say we have to make a concession, we have to worry about what Putin might do because of the risk of his defeat.\n\n“I think he has got a lot of space, he has got a lot of room for manoeuvre.”\n\nMr Johnson said Britain and other “sympathetic” countries would continue to supply more Nato-grade weapons, training and intelligence-sharing to the government in Kyiv.\n\nWhile the Prime Minister insisted he did not want the crisis to escalate beyond Ukraine’s borders, he indicated he was happy to see the Ukrainians use British-made weaponry to strike targets in Russia.\n\n“They are being attacked from within Russia territory. They have a right to protect and defend themselves,” he said.\n\nHe added: “We cannot accept the idea that this is some sort of stand-off between Russia and the West.\n\n“Putin’s regime is engaged in a diabolical attempt to crush the life out of the Ukrainian state. What we are doing is helping the Ukrainians to protect themselves.”\n\nMeanwhile, Armed Forces Minister James Heappey said Britain would providing the Ukrainians with longer-range Brimstone ground attack missiles “in the next few weeks”.\n\n“Recently Ukraine has been asking for longer-range ground attack missiles, and the Government has been exploring if stocks of Brimstone could be released for such purposes,” he told the House of Commons.\n\n“This remains very much in line with our principle of evolving our support to Ukraine as the conflict evolves and their capability requirements change.”', 'image': 'https://static.independent.co.uk/2022/04/26/21/99cd663607e0b82c819e1d6fccdac248Y29udGVudHNlYXJjaGFwaSwxNjUxMDg5NjQx-2.66007870.jpg?quality=75&width=1200&auto=webp', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:18'}
{'title': "Kremlin: Danger of Nuclear War ‘Serious, Real'", 'keywords': ['danger', 'austin', 'ukraine', 'russia', 'proxy', 'defense', 'secretary', 'nuclear', 'nato', 'military'], 'polarity': 0.0385, 'subjectivity': 0.3156, 'link': 'https://www.theepochtimes.com/kremlin-danger-of-nuclear-war-serious-real_4428562.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:49', 'summary': '(Evelyn Hockstein/Pool/AFP via Getty Images)Kremlin: Danger of Nuclear War ‘Serious, Real’NATO Engaging War With Russia Using Ukraine as a Proxy, Russia SaysThe Kremlin criticized the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) for engaging in a proxy war with Russia through Ukraine.\n“If NATO essentially engages in war with Russia through a proxy and is arming that proxy, war means war,” Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said in a wide-ranging interview broadcast on Russian state television on Monday.\nLavrov claimed that the risk of a nuclear war is “considerable” now.\nU.S. Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin responded Tuesday that threats of the war in Ukraine escalating into a nuclear conflict are “very dangerous and unhelpful.”“Nobody wants to see a nuclear war happen.\n“We want to see Russia weakened to the degree that it can’t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine,” Austin told reporters, according to a transcript.', 'channel': 'theepochtimes.com', 'text': 'British Prime Minister Boris Johnson (L) and President Joe Biden (C) listen as NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg (C/R) addresses a North Atlantic Council meeting during an extrordinary summit at NATO Headquarters in Brussels on March 24, 2022. (Evelyn Hockstein/Pool/AFP via Getty Images)\n\nKremlin: Danger of Nuclear War ‘Serious, Real’\n\nNATO Engaging War With Russia Using Ukraine as a Proxy, Russia Says\n\nThe Kremlin criticized the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) for engaging in a proxy war with Russia through Ukraine.\n\n“If NATO essentially engages in war with Russia through a proxy and is arming that proxy, war means war,” Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said in a wide-ranging interview broadcast on Russian state television on Monday.\n\nHe repeated Russia’s stance that it is legitimate to target weapons provided by Ukraine’s Western allies.\n\nLavrov claimed that the risk of a nuclear war is “considerable” now.\n\n“I would not want to elevate those risks artificially. Many would like that. The danger is serious, real. And we must not underestimate it,” he said.\n\nU.S. Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin responded Tuesday that threats of the war in Ukraine escalating into a nuclear conflict are “very dangerous and unhelpful.”\n\n“Nobody wants to see a nuclear war happen. It’s a war that all sides lose,” Austin said. “And so rattling of sabers and, you know, dangerous rhetoric is clearly unhelpful and something that we won’t engage in.”\n\nU.S. Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin speaks with reporters after returning from their trip to Kyiv and meeting with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, near the Ukraine border, in Poland, on April 25, 2022. (Alex Brandon/Pool via Reuters)\n\nMoscow’s warning came as NATO members are providing more and deadlier weapons to Ukraine to confront Russia in the east and south where the two countries have been involved in disputes for years.\n\nGermany confirmed Tuesday that it will provide “Gepard” anti-aircraft tanks to Ukraine in a notable policy shift.\n\n“Yesterday we decided that Germany will make the delivery of ‘Gepard’ anti-aircraft tanks possible to Ukraine,” German Defense Minister Christina Lambrecht said in a transcript of her speech seen by Deutsche Welle.\n\nA technician uses a welder’s torch to cut parts off a Gepard antiaircraft cannon tank that once belonged to the Bundeswehr at the Battle Tank Dismantling GmbH Koch in Edeleben, Germany, on April 23, 2014. Since the early 1990s, the company has dismantled over 15,000 tanks and other armored vehicles, from German, Austrian, French, and other European arsenals, as many nations reduce their military forces in accordance with the Conventional Armed Forces in Europe Treaty. (Jens Schlueter/Getty Images)\n\nPresident Joe Biden announced on April 21 an extra $800 million in military aid to Ukraine.\n\nSome heavy artillery weapons—72 155mm Howitzers and 144,000 rounds of ammunition—were listed in the package disclosed by Biden on Thursday along with 72 tactical vehicles to tow 155mm Howitzers, over 122 Phoenix Ghost Tactical Unmanned Aerial Systems, and other field equipment and spare parts.\n\nWestern countries are also providing training in Poland, Germany, and the United States.\n\nThe Biden administration said Monday that it wants Russia’s military to be weakened to the extent of not being able to launch an invasion similar to the one in Ukrainian.\n\nWhen asked about the United States’ “goals for success” amid the conflict, Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin responded, “Ukraine remains a sovereign country, a democratic country, able to protect its sovereign territory.” But then he told reporters that he wants to see Russia’s military capacity diminished.\n\n“It has already lost a lot of military capability and a lot of its troops, quite frankly, and we want to see them not have the capability to very quickly reproduce that capability,” Austin added.\n\n“We want to see Russia weakened to the degree that it can’t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine,” Austin told reporters, according to a transcript.\n\nReuters and Jack Phillips contributed to the report.', 'image': 'https://img.theepochtimes.com/assets/uploads/2022/03/24/nato-meeting-1200x824.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:49'}
{'title': 'Ukraine prepares war crimes charges against Russian military personnel, including pilots', 'keywords': ['crimes', 'suspects', 'kyiv', 'international', 'ukrainian', 'pilots', 'personnel', 'potential', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0356, 'subjectivity': 0.3434, 'link': 'https://www.reuters.com/world/europe/ukraine-prepares-war-crimes-charges-against-russian-military-personnel-including-2022-04-26/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:57', 'summary': 'Ukraine says it is investigating some 7,600 potential war crimes and at least 500 suspects following Russia\'s Feb. 24 invasion of its neighbour.\nUkraine’s probe is at the centre of multiple efforts to investigate potential war crimes related to the conflict, including by the ICC.\nread moreUkraine, which is conducting its investigation while still in the throes of war, is scrambling to assemble teams of specialists with war crimes expertise, evaluating potential crimes and developing its prosecution strategy.\nZera Kozlyieva, deputy head of the war crimes unit in the prosecutor general’s office, acknowledged that limited access due to ongoing hostilities and a shortage of war crimes specialists presented challenges.\nUkrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy has accused invading Russian troops of committing "the most terrible war crimes" since World War Two.', 'channel': 'reuters.com', 'text': 'SENSITIVE MATERIAL. THIS IMAGE MAY OFFEND OR DISTURB Forensic technicians exhume the bodies of civilians who Ukrainian officials say were killed during Russia’s invasion and then buried in a mass grave in the town of Bucha, outside Kyiv, Ukraine April 8, 2022. REUTERS/Valentyn Ogirenko\n\nApril 26 (Reuters) - (Note: Some images in this story may offend or disturb.)\n\nThree Russian pilots suspected of bombing civilian buildings in the Kharkiv and Sumy regions are among at least seven Russian military personnel that Kyiv is preparing war crimes charges against, the Ukrainian prosecutor general’s office told Reuters.\n\nIt said the other individuals include two operators of a rocket launcher who allegedly shelled settlements in the Kharkiv region and two army servicemen suspected of murdering a Kyiv area resident and raping his wife.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\nThe prosecutor’s office said it had notified the individuals that they are suspects and the investigations are ongoing, adding no charges had been filed with the court. It didn’t name the suspects or provide evidence to support the allegations. It said some of the suspects were held as captives, without specifying where, while other charges were being prepared in absentia.\n\nUkraine says it is investigating some 7,600 potential war crimes and at least 500 suspects following Russia\'s Feb. 24 invasion of its neighbour. Prosecutor General Iryna Venediktova told Reuters that many of those suspects are in Russia but some have been taken captive by Ukraine as prisoners of war. Speaking in an interview earlier this month, she said that her office intends to follow the chain of command up the Russian political and military hierarchy.\n\nVenediktova added that she plans to pursue prosecutions both in Ukrainian courts as well as at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, the world’s permanent war crimes tribunal.\n\nThe Kremlin and Russia’s defence ministry didn’t respond to requests for comment. Moscow has rejected allegations by Ukraine and Western nations of war crimes and has denied targeting civilians in what the Kremlin calls a "special military operation" to demilitarise its neighbour.\n\nUkraine’s probe is at the centre of multiple efforts to investigate potential war crimes related to the conflict, including by the ICC. The probes are at the very early stages, people familiar with them say. The ICC has sent an advance team to the region to establish operations. read more\n\nMoscow has accused Kyiv of genocide against Russian speakers, which Kyiv strongly denies. Russia has also opened criminal cases into Ukrainian servicemen\'s alleged torture of their Russian counterparts. read more\n\nUkraine, which is conducting its investigation while still in the throes of war, is scrambling to assemble teams of specialists with war crimes expertise, evaluating potential crimes and developing its prosecution strategy.\n\n”You can see they are now exhuming the bodies, so [the investigation is at a] very early stage," a person familiar with the process said. In terms of strategy, Kyiv plans to prosecute as much as it can in Ukrainian courts but would likely leave any cases involving higher-ranking figures to the ICC, the person added.\n\nThe UN has also established its own inquiry into possible violations of international humanitarian law in Ukraine, including possible war crimes, which could feed into any prosecutions by the ICC.\n\nThere is also a European Union-coordinated effort to fast track sharing of evidence between various investigating authorities, including with the ICC. Several European countries have said they will apply universal jurisdiction, the legal principle that some crimes are so terrible they can be heard by foreign national courts, and their prosecutors could launch investigations into Ukrainian atrocities.\n\nFor Ukraine, the immediate challenge is the sheer volume of potential evidence and witness testimony that needs to be secured and recorded in a way that is usable in court, legal specialists say. That includes vast amounts of digital imagery as well as material gathered on the ground.\n\nDavid Schwendiman, a former U.S. federal prosecutor who has also helped prosecute war crimes committed during the Balkan wars in the 1990s, praised Ukraine’s prosecutor general as talented and courageous but said the country doesn’t have experience of an investigation of this scale and will need outside help processing potential crime scenes in a way that meets international standards.\n\n“Every one of those bodies is a crime scene. Every one of those buildings is a crime scene. Every city is a crime scene,” Schwendiman said. Something as small as a piece of cloth torn from a uniform, an ammunition shell or even a ligature used to tie someone’s hands could help identify a particular unit involved and so needs to be carefully preserved, he added.\n\nZera Kozlyieva, deputy head of the war crimes unit in the prosecutor general’s office, acknowledged that limited access due to ongoing hostilities and a shortage of war crimes specialists presented challenges. Speaking Thursday on a panel at international affairs think tank Chatham House, she said that Kyiv is seeking help from international experts.\n\nImages of dead civilians in Ukraine, including of mass graves and bodies of bound civilians shot at close range, have prompted international outrage, with U.S. President Joe Biden calling for Russian President Vladimir Putin to be investigated for war crimes. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy has accused invading Russian troops of committing "the most terrible war crimes" since World War Two.\n\nAccording to the United Nations, as of April 22 more than 2,400 civilians had been killed since the conflict began in late February. But the official count is likely to climb. In the port city of Mariupol alone, local authorities have said thousands of people have been killed. read more\n\nUnder international law, war crimes include intentionally targeting civilian populations, willfully killing or causing suffering, and widespread destruction among other serious violations of laws applicable in armed conflict. Individuals who commit such crimes can be prosecuted by international tribunals such as the ICC and by states.\n\nExperts for the Organization for Security and Cooperation and Europe (OSCE) nations said in a report published earlier this month that they found evidence of war crimes and crimes against humanity by Russia in Ukraine. The experts also said in the report that they’d found evidence of violations of international humanitarian law by Ukraine, particularly in its treatment of prisoners of war, but that Russia\'s violations "are by far larger in nature and scale."\n\nUkraine has said it checks all information regarding the treatment of prisoners of war, will investigate any violations and take appropriate legal action. Russia has said the report "is based solely on unfounded propaganda theses, contains references to dubious sources and logical stretches in the style of \'highly likely.\'"\n\nUKRAINE’S PROBE\n\nThe prosecutor general’s office had in recent years established a special unit to investigate potential crimes in Crimea, which Russia annexed in 2014 but Kyiv continues to claim as part of Ukraine, and Donbas.\n\nMoscow’s February invasion of its Western neighbour forced Kyiv to scale up what had been a relatively small team of prosecutors.\n\nVenediktova and her team have in recent weeks been evaluating sites where atrocities have taken place, including where Russian troops have recently withdrawn.\n\nOn April 12, Venediktova visited Bucha, near Kyiv, where French forensic experts had arrived to help Ukraine authorities establish what happened in the town where hundreds of bodies have been discovered. As the group from the French Gendarmerie\'s forensic science department looked on, workers in hazmat suits dug earth from a shallow grave and lifted out a heavy mass wrapped in an orange blanket. Citing witnesses, Venediktova said during the visit that the burnt body parts inside were those of a woman and her two children. read more\n\nRussia has said that images and footage of dead bodies strewn across Bucha were fake.\n\nVenediktova is also drawing on international legal expertise and seeking technical assistance. She has announced the formation of a task force of law firms and prominent international human rights lawyers, including Amal Clooney, to advise on securing accountability for Ukrainian victims in national jurisdictions as well as strategic guidance on cooperating with the ICC.\n\nVenediktova is in regular contact with Beth Van Schaack, Ambassador-at-Large for Global Criminal Justice in the U.S. State Department, who said the two have discussed what additional assistance Washington could provide. Van Schaack’s office has been helping to deploy specialists on the ground via a joint U.S.-European project.\n\nVan Schaack told Reuters that Venediktova’s requests for assistance include forensics expertise, such as helping determine how victims found in mass graves died and whether potential signs of torture were inflicted prior to death. Other requests include help identifying the type and origins of particular ballistics used as well as assistance clearing any mines left by Russians so that her investigators can safely access those areas.\n\nUkraine’s potentially biggest challenge, said Van Schaack, will be gaining custody of suspects, particularly those higher up the command chain. If they remain in Russia, they may “enjoy impunity for the rest of their days,” she said.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\nReporting by Anthony Deutsch in Amsterdam; additional reporting by Alessandra Prentice in Bucha, Pavel Polityuk in Kyiv, Max Hunder in London, Stephanie van den Berg in The Hague and Simon Lewis in Washington. Editing by Cassell Bryan-Low\n\nOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.', 'image': 'https://www.reuters.com/resizer/nDq-7CBfe_p85rog7ifJuxAmTCU=/1200x628/smart/filters:quality(80)/cloudfront-us-east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/AGSA2XYTQBKLTF6P7WL2RRRWUI.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:57'}
{'title': "At defence talks in Germany, U.S. says world galvanized against Russia's invasion", 'keywords': ['russias', 'ukraines', 'galvanized', 'states', 'invasion', 'ukrainian', 'weapons', 'defence', 'united', 'secretary', 'austin', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0622, 'subjectivity': 0.3479, 'link': 'https://www.reuters.com/world/us-hosts-ukraine-talks-germany-war-enters-critical-phase-2022-04-25/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:27', 'summary': 'Ukrainian Presidential Press Service/Handout via REUTERS/File PhotoRAMSTEIN AIR BASE, Germany, April 26 (Reuters) - The United States said the world was galvanized against Russia\'s two-month-old invasion of Ukraine as it hosted more than 40 countries for defence talks in Germany that sought to speed and synchronize the delivery of arms to Kyiv.\n"As we see this morning, nations from around the world stand united in our resolve to support Ukraine in its fight against Russia\'s imperial aggression," Austin said at the start of talks.\nGermany, for the first time, announced the delivery of heavy weapons to Ukraine.\nA large number of modern heavy weapons," Ukrainian Defence Minister Oleksii Reznikov said on Twitter after the talks.\nRussia\'s Feb. 24 invasion of Ukraine has claimed thousands of lives, displaced millions of people and raised fears of a wider confrontation between Russia and the United States - by far the world\'s two biggest nuclear powers.', 'channel': 'reuters.com', 'text': 'Ukraine\'s President Volodymyr Zelenskiy poses for a picture with U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken and U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin before a meeting, as Russia\'s attack on Ukraine continues, in Kyiv, Ukraine April 24, 2022. Ukrainian Presidential Press Service/Handout via REUTERS/File Photo\n\nRAMSTEIN AIR BASE, Germany, April 26 (Reuters) - The United States said the world was galvanized against Russia\'s two-month-old invasion of Ukraine as it hosted more than 40 countries for defence talks in Germany that sought to speed and synchronize the delivery of arms to Kyiv.\n\nU.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin hosted the event at Ramstein Air Base following a trip to Kyiv where he pledged additional military support to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy\'s war effort, which is at a crossroads.\n\n"As we see this morning, nations from around the world stand united in our resolve to support Ukraine in its fight against Russia\'s imperial aggression," Austin said at the start of talks.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\n"Ukraine clearly believes that it can win, and so does everyone here."\n\nU.S. Army General Mark Milley, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, cautioned that Ukraine needed more security assistance to help defend against an unfolding and potentially decisive Russian onslaught in the east.\n\nHe said the coming weeks were "critical."\n\n"Time is not on Ukraine\'s side," Milley said during closed-door remarks provided to reporters traveling with him. "The outcome of this battle, right here, today, is dependent on the people in this room."\n\nMilley added: "The Ukrainians will fight. We need to make sure they have the means to fight."\n\nDriven back by Ukrainian forces from a failed assault on Kyiv in the north, Moscow has redeployed troops into the east for a ground offensive in two provinces known as the Donbas.\n\nU.S. officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, assess that Russia will rely heavily on artillery strikes, trying to pound Ukrainian positions as Moscow moves in ground forces from several directions to try to envelop and wipe out a significant chunk of Ukraine\'s military.\n\nBut the United States also estimates many Russian units are depleted, with some operating with personnel losses as high as 30% - a level considered by the U.S. military to be too high to keep fighting, officials say.\n\nU.S. officials cite anecdotes like Russian tanks with sole drivers and no crew and substandard equipment that is either prone to breakdowns or out of date.\n\nBritish assessments showed that about 15,000 Russian personnel had been killed in the conflict while 2,000 armored vehicles including some 530 tanks had been destroyed, along with 60 helicopters and fighter jets, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said on Monday.\n\nRussia has so far acknowledged only 1,351 troops killed and 3,825 wounded.\n\nRussia still has advanced capabilities and superior force numbers, and has shown a willingness to keep pouring soldiers and units into the fight, U.S. officials said.\n\nMoscow can also economically afford to wage a long war in Ukraine despite being hammered by Western sanctions, defence experts and economists said. read more\n\nFor its part, Ukraine boasts high morale, creative and adaptive battlefield tactics and local knowledge of the terrain, along with arms and intelligence from the United States and its allies.\n\n"They definitely stand a fighting chance," a U.S. military official said, speaking on condition of anonymity.\n\nThe meeting is taking place at Ramstein, a sprawling air base southwest of Frankfurt which only months ago was grappling with an influx of Afghan evacuees after the Taliban takeover of that country last year.\n\nOrganizers said over 40 countries were attending and a scan of the meeting room showed countries mainly from Europe but also beyond, including Israel, Kenya and Australia. On a screen, representatives from South Korea and Japan attended virtually.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said.\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said at a news conference that the forum would continue as a monthly "contact group" that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\nGermany, for the first time, announced the delivery of heavy weapons to Ukraine. "We decided yesterday that Germany will facilitate the delivery of Gepard self-propelled anti-aircraft guns to Ukraine," German Defence Minister Christine Lambrecht said at Ramstein, according to the script of her speech.\n\nUkraine is calling for everything from artillery, drones and tanks to anti-ship missiles and combat aircraft.\n\n"We need weapons. Modern weapons. A large number of modern heavy weapons," Ukrainian Defence Minister Oleksii Reznikov said on Twitter after the talks.\n\nRussia\'s Feb. 24 invasion of Ukraine has claimed thousands of lives, displaced millions of people and raised fears of a wider confrontation between Russia and the United States - by far the world\'s two biggest nuclear powers.\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin says the "special military operation" in Ukraine is necessary because the United States was using Ukraine to threaten Russia and Ukraine was guilty of the genocide of Russian-speaking people.\n\nUkraine says it is fighting a land grab by Russia and that Putin\'s accusations of genocide are nonsense.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\nReporting by Phil Stewart; Additional reporting by Sabine Siebold in Berlin; Editing by William Maclean, Chizu Nomiyama and Howard Goller\n\nOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.', 'image': 'https://www.reuters.com/resizer/QQ1Fq0o8jlsjJwQ8POvPygnoc9Y=/1200x628/smart/filters:quality(80)/cloudfront-us-east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/6CCP4K7G2ROGFECRXSTDVA3SCQ.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:27'}
{'title': "US says diplomats to return to Kyiv, as 'Russia has already failed' in war aims", 'keywords': ['ukraines', 'kyiv', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'russian', 'oil', 'weapons', 'systems', 'diplomats'], 'polarity': 0.0648, 'subjectivity': 0.3544, 'link': 'https://bdnews24.com/world/2022/04/25/us-says-diplomats-to-return-to-kyiv-as-russia-has-already-failed-in-war-aims', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:37', 'summary': '"In terms of Russia’s war aims, Russia has already failed and Ukraine has already succeeded," Blinken told a briefing in Poland after the two officials returned.\nBlinken said US diplomats would first return to Lviv in the west and should be back in Kyiv within weeks.\nBut despite Ukraine having repelled the assault on Kyiv, the war is far from over.\nThe United States and NATO allies have shown growing readiness to supply heavier equipment and more advanced weapons systems.\nWAR GRINDS ONThe relative calm in Kyiv is a contrast with the south and east of the country, where the war grinds on relentlessly.', 'channel': 'bdnews24.com', 'text': 'Both men said the fact they were able to come to Kyiv was proof of Ukraine\'s tenacity in forcing Moscow to abandon an assault on the capital last month, and promised more aid to fend off Russian troops now attempting an advance in the east.\n\n"What you\'ve done in repelling the Russians in the battle of Kyiv is extraordinary and inspiring quite frankly to the rest of the world," Austin told President Volodymyr Zelensky at a meeting overnight, after a train journey from Poland. "We are here to support you in any way possible."\n\nSaid Blinken: "The reason we\'re back is because of you, because of the extraordinary courage, leadership and success that you\'ve had in pushing back this horrific Russian aggression."\n\nUS officials said they pledged new assistance worth $713 million for Zelensky\'s government and other countries in the region. An extra $322 million in military aid for Ukraine would take total US security assistance since the invasion to about $3.7 billion, one official said.\n\n"It will provide support for capabilities Ukraine needs, especially the fight in the Donbas," the official said. It would also help Ukraine\'s armed forces transition to more advanced weapons and air defence systems -- essentially NATO capable systems, the official added on condition of anonymity.\n\nWestern arms for Ukraine have infuriated Moscow. Russia\'s ambassador in Washington said Moscow had sent a diplomatic note stressing "the unacceptability of this situation when the United States of America pours weapons into Ukraine, and we demanded an end to this practice".\n\nThe meeting between the US delegation and Ukraine\'s leaders ran for three hours, or more than double the allotted time, a US official said.\n\n"In terms of Russia’s war aims, Russia has already failed and Ukraine has already succeeded," Blinken told a briefing in Poland after the two officials returned.\n\nRussia has always denied intending to overthrow Ukraine\'s government. Western countries say that was its aim from the outset but it failed in the face of Ukrainian resistance.\n\nJust weeks ago, Kyiv was a frontline city under curfew and bombardment, with tens of thousands of Russian troops massing on its northern outskirts. Residents spent nights huddled in its metro stations, sheltering from artillery.\n\nToday, the nearest Russian troops are hundreds of miles away, normal life is returning to the capital, Western leaders have been visiting and countries are reopening their embassies.\n\nBlinken said US diplomats would first return to Lviv in the west and should be back in Kyiv within weeks.\n\nBut despite Ukraine having repelled the assault on Kyiv, the war is far from over. Russia has regrouped its forces and sent more troops in to eastern Ukraine. Last week it launched a massive assault there in an attempt to capture eastern provinces known as the Donbas.\n\nRAILWAY STATIONS HIT\n\nFive railway stations came under fire in western and central Ukraine on Monday, causing an unspecified number of casualties, Ukrainian television quoted state-run Ukrainian Railways as saying. Oleksander Kamyshin, the company\'s chief, said the attacks took place in the space of an hour.\n\nAll of the country was placed under an unusually long air raid warning for two hours on Monday morning.\n\nAcross the border in Russia\'s Bryansk region near eastern Ukraine, authorities were battling a huge blaze at an oil depot. There was no immediate indication that the fire was connected to the war, but Russia accused Ukraine of a helicopter attack in that area last week.\n\nBefore the US officials\' visit, Ukraine had drawn up a list of weapons urgently needed from the United States, such as anti-missile systems, anti-aircraft systems, armoured vehicles and tanks, Zelensky aide Igor Zhovkva told NBC News on Sunday.\n\nThe United States and NATO allies have shown growing readiness to supply heavier equipment and more advanced weapons systems. Britain has promised to send military vehicles and is considering supplying British tanks to Poland to free up Warsaw\'s Russian-designed T-72s for Ukraine.\n\nIn a daily update on the conflict, Britain\'s defence ministry said Russia had only made minor advances in some parts of Donbas.\n\n"Without sufficient logistical and combat support enablers in place, Russia has yet to achieve a significant breakthrough," it said.\n\nIn an emotional address at Kyiv\'s 1,000-year-old Saint Sophia Cathedral to mark the Orthodox Christian Easter on Sunday, Zelensky said his nation would overcome "dark times".\n\nWAR GRINDS ON\n\nThe relative calm in Kyiv is a contrast with the south and east of the country, where the war grinds on relentlessly.\n\nSome 320 km (200 miles) southeast of Kyiv, Russian missile strikes on an oil refinery and power plant in Kremenchuk killed one person and wounded seven, the governor of the Poltava region said. Moscow said it had destroyed oil production facilities there.\n\nRussia also fired rockets at two towns in the central Vinnytsia region, causing an unspecified number of deaths and injuries, regional Governor Serhiy Borzov reported.\n\nUkraine\'s general staff described Russian shelling and assaults along most of the front in the east, including missile and bomb attacks on a huge steel works in Mariupol where the last Ukrainian defenders are holed up in a city destroyed during two months of Russian siege and bombardment.\n\nMoscow, which describes its actions in Ukraine as a "special military operation", denies targeting civilians.\n\nThe European Union is preparing "smart sanctions" against Russian oil imports, possibly some form of oil embargo, Britain\'s The Times newspaper reported on Monday, citing the European Commission\'s executive vice president, Valdis Dombrovskis.', 'image': 'https://d30fl32nd2baj9.cloudfront.net/media/2022/04/25/zelensky-blinken-loyed-240422-01-smr.jpg/BINARY/zelensky-blinken-loyed-240422-01-smr.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:37'}
{'title': "russia: At defence talks in Germany, US says world galvanized against Russia's invasion", 'keywords': ['germany', 'states', 'officials', 'kyiv', 'ukraine', 'russia', 'talks', 'united', 'ramstein', 'military', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0739, 'subjectivity': 0.3898, 'link': 'https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/europe/at-defence-talks-in-germany-us-says-world-galvanized-against-russias-invasion/articleshow/91097503.cms', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:29', 'summary': '"As we see this morning, nations from around the world stand united in our resolve to support Ukraine in its fight against Russia\'s imperial aggression," Austin said.\n"Ukraine clearly believes that it can win, and so does everyone here.\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said.Germany, for the first time, announced the delivery of heavy weapons to Ukraine.\nPutin says the "special military operation" in Ukraine is necessary because the United States was using Ukraine to threaten Russia and Ukraine was guilty of the genocide of Russian-speaking people.\nUkraine says it is fighting a land grab by Russia and that Putin\'s accusations of genocide are nonsense.', 'channel': 'timesofindia.indiatimes.com', 'text': 'RAMSTEIN AIR BASE: The United States said the world was galvanized against Russia \'s two-month-old invasion of Ukraine as it hosted defence talks in Germany involving over 40 countries that sought to ensure a robust, synchronized flow of arms to Kyiv US Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin hosted the event at Ramstein Air Base following a trip to Kyiv where he pledged additional military support to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy \'s war effort. "As we see this morning, nations from around the world stand united in our resolve to support Ukraine in its fight against Russia\'s imperial aggression," Austin said. "Ukraine clearly believes that it can win, and so does everyone here."US Army General Mark Milley , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said ahead of the talks that a key goal was to coordinate mounting security assistance to Kyiv that includes heavy weaponry, like howitzer artillery, to help it defend against an unfolding and potentially decisive Russian onslaught in the east."The next several weeks will be very, very critical," Milley told reporters traveling with him. "They need continued support in order to be successful on the battlefield. And that\'s really the purpose of this conference."Driven back by Ukrainian forces from a failed assault on Kyiv in the north, Moscow has redeployed troops into the east for a ground offensive in two provinces known as the Donbas.US officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, assess that Russia will rely heavily on artillery strikes, trying to pound Ukrainian positions as Moscow moves in ground forces from several directions to try to envelop and wipe out a significant chunk of Ukraine\'s military. But the United States also estimates many Russian units are depleted, with some operating with personnel losses as high as 30 per cent, a level considered by the US military to be too high to keep fighting, officials say.US officials cite anecdotes like Russian tanks with sole drivers and no crew and substandard equipment that is either prone to breakdowns or out of date.British assessments showed that about 15,000 Russian personnel had been killed in the conflict while 2,000 armored vehicles including some 530 tanks had been destroyed, along with 60 helicopters and fighter jets, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said on Monday. Russia has so far acknowledged only 1,351 troops killed and 3,825 wounded.Russia still has advanced capabilities and superior force numbers, and has shown a willingness to keep pouring soldiers and units into the fight, US officials said. Moscow can also economically afford to wage a long war in Ukraine despite being hammered by Western sanctions, defence experts and economists said.For its part, Ukraine boasts high morale, creative and adaptive battlefield tactics and local knowledge of the terrain, along with arms and intelligence from the United States and its allies. "They definitely stand a fighting chance," a US military official said, speaking on condition of anonymity.The meeting, which aims to ensure a steady flow of such aid, is taking place at Ramstein, a sprawling air base southwest of Frankfurt which only months ago was grappling with an influx of Afghan evacuees after the Taliban takeover of that country last summer.Organizers said over 40 countries were attending and a scan of the meeting room showed countries from the Middle East and Africa. On a screen, representatives from South Korea and Japan appeared to be attending virtually. "This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said.Germany, for the first time, announced the delivery of heavy weapons to Ukraine. "We decided yesterday that Germany will facilitate the delivery of Gepard self-propelled anti-aircraft guns to Ukraine," German Defence Minister Christine Lambrecht said at Ramstein, according to the script of her speech.Russia\'s February 24 invasion of Ukraine has killed thousands of people, displaced millions more and raised fears of a wider confrontation between Russia and the United States, by far the world\'s two biggest nuclear powers. Putin says the "special military operation" in Ukraine is necessary because the United States was using Ukraine to threaten Russia and Ukraine was guilty of the genocide of Russian-speaking people. Ukraine says it is fighting a land grab by Russia and that Putin\'s accusations of genocide are nonsense.', 'image': 'https://static.toiimg.com/thumb/msid-91097916,width-1070,height-580,imgsize-195116,resizemode-75,overlay-toi_sw,pt-32,y_pad-40/photo.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:29'}
{'title': "'NATO Expansion' In Reality Means Placing Territories Under US Command: Lavrov", 'keywords': ['war', 'western', 'ukraine', 'real', 'means', 'placing', 'nuclear', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.075, 'subjectivity': 0.409, 'link': 'https://www.zerohedge.com/geopolitical/nato-expansion-reality-means-placing-territories-under-us-command-russias-lavrov', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:29', 'summary': 'Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov has charged that \'NATO expansion\' in reality means that the United States wants to bring more territories under its command, with an eye towards bolstering its power in maintaining a unipolar world.\nBut we still continue to negotiate with the team that Zelensky nominated, these contacts will continue," FM Lavrov added.\nRussian FM Lavrov: The risk of nuclear war is real, but there are many who are willing to artificially inflate it.\npic.twitter.com/XBPhRC7fiP — Vera Van Horne (@VeraVanHorne) April 25, 2022Lavrov additionally on Monday addressed the prospect of direct confrontation with the US, leading to a potential nuclear war scenario.\nHe called this "serious" and "real" - but stressed that Moscow seeks to reduce "artificial risks" of nuclear war, according to RIA.', 'channel': 'zerohedge.com', 'text': 'Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov has charged that \'NATO expansion\' in reality means that the United States wants to bring more territories under its command, with an eye towards bolstering its power in maintaining a unipolar world.\n\nHe said in live comments on Russia\'s Channel One that it\'s not at all about fulfillment of the Western military alliance\'s "statutory goals" - the official line from Brussels notwithstanding - but is about "development of territories under the US command".\n\nAFP via Getty Images\n\nThe remarks were reported and translated in state media sources, coming at a moment that Finland - which shares an over 800 mile land border with Russia - is strongly mulling seeking NATO membership after Sweden indicated it would begin moving toward formal application.\n\nLavrov said: "Of course, when they accepted Montenegro, North Macedonia, Albania, how can they strengthen the security of the North Atlantic alliance, if it is a defensive alliance?"\n\nAnd then answered his own question with:\n\n"This simply shows that NATO expansion has nothing to do with the fulfillment of its statutory goals, that this is the development of territories under the US command in line with strengthening and attempting to perpetuate that same unipolar world."\n\nLavrov followed by giving an anecdote in support of his claim... that in the run-up to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the US side showed absolutely no interest in any level of compromise regarding Moscow\'s clearly articulated security interests.\n\nIn effect the Russian top diplomat is saying NATO HQ ultimately bows to the dictates of Washington. He went on to say the same thing about Ukraine\'s government as well:\n\n"And as before, many of us are convinced that the real position of Ukraine is determined in Washington, London and other Western capitals. And therefore, our political scientists say, why talk with the Zelensky team — you need to talk with the Americans, and you need to negotiate with them, and achieve some kind of agreement. But we still continue to negotiate with the team that Zelensky nominated, these contacts will continue," FM Lavrov added.\n\nTwo weeks ago he had said something along similar lines, explaining for the first time that the overarching goal of Putin\'s decision to launch the \'special operation\' in Ukraine is "meant to put an end" to both NATO expansion and US global domination.\n\nHe said at the time, "Our special military operation is meant to put an end to the unabashed expansion [of NATO] and the unabashed drive towards full domination by the US and its Western subjects on the world stage," according to RT.\n\nRussian FM Lavrov: The risk of nuclear war is real, but there are many who are willing to artificially inflate it. pic.twitter.com/XBPhRC7fiP — Vera Van Horne (@VeraVanHorne) April 25, 2022\n\nLavrov additionally on Monday addressed the prospect of direct confrontation with the US, leading to a potential nuclear war scenario. He called this "serious" and "real" - but stressed that Moscow seeks to reduce "artificial risks" of nuclear war, according to RIA. However, given the rate at which diplomatic ties are deteriorating between Russia and Europe and the US, there are now fewer avenues to ensure miscommunication and deconfliction on the nuclear front, as the situation becomes increasingly dangerous and alarming.', 'image': 'https://assets.zerohedge.com/s3fs-public/styles/16_9_max_700/public/2022-04/lavrv1.png?h=b6a39026&itok=97yDq4Qo', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:29'}
{'title': "UK's Johnson says Putin has room to withdraw from Ukraine", 'keywords': ['british', 'britain', 'withdraw', 'room', 'minister', 'ukraine', 'johnson', 'russia', 'using', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.1625, 'subjectivity': 0.4164, 'link': 'https://www.reuters.com/world/uk/uks-johnson-does-not-expect-putin-use-tactical-nuclear-weapons-2022-04-26/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:23', 'summary': 'British Prime Minister Boris Johnson looks on during a visit to Bury FC at their ground in Gigg Lane, Bury, Greater Manchester, Britain April 25, 2022.\nDanny Lawson/Pool via REUTERSLONDON, April 26 (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Boris Johnson said on Tuesday he did not expect any further Russian military failures in Ukraine to push President Vladimir Putin into using tactical nuclear weapons there, saying he had room to manoeuvre and end the conflict.\nAsked by Talk TV if he expected Putin to consider using tactical nuclear weapons if he suffered more military failures in Ukraine, he said: "No, I don\'t."\nAsked about the row, Johnson said Ukrainians had a right to protect themselves, but added that Britain did not want the crisis to escalate beyond Ukraine\'s borders.\nHe also said his government would do whatever it could to help two British fighters captured in Ukraine, but that any prisoner swap would be a decision for Kyiv.', 'channel': 'reuters.com', 'text': 'British Prime Minister Boris Johnson looks on during a visit to Bury FC at their ground in Gigg Lane, Bury, Greater Manchester, Britain April 25, 2022. Danny Lawson/Pool via REUTERS\n\nLONDON, April 26 (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Boris Johnson said on Tuesday he did not expect any further Russian military failures in Ukraine to push President Vladimir Putin into using tactical nuclear weapons there, saying he had room to manoeuvre and end the conflict.\n\nAsked by Talk TV if he expected Putin to consider using tactical nuclear weapons if he suffered more military failures in Ukraine, he said: "No, I don\'t."\n\n"Given the massive Russian backing for what he is doing, given the apparent obliviousness of the Russian media about what is really happening in Ukraine, the paradox is that Putin has far more political space to back down, to withdraw," he said.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\nJohnson was also asked about a spat between Moscow and London, after Russia warned Britain on Tuesday of an immediate "proportional response" if Britain continued to provoke Ukraine into striking targets in Russia. read more\n\nRussia\'s defence ministry cited statements from Britain\'s armed forces minister James Heappey who told BBC radio that it was entirely legitimate for Ukraine to hunt targets in the depths of Russia to disrupt logistics and supply lines.\n\nAsked about the row, Johnson said Ukrainians had a right to protect themselves, but added that Britain did not want the crisis to escalate beyond Ukraine\'s borders.\n\nHe also said his government would do whatever it could to help two British fighters captured in Ukraine, but that any prisoner swap would be a decision for Kyiv. He added that Facebook had agreed to take down a video that showed the fighters.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\nReporting by Kate Holton Editing by Chris Reese, Bernard Orr\n\nOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.', 'image': 'https://www.reuters.com/resizer/1aP6c81tVHaFAJs8qWd4vY9WcME=/1200x628/smart/filters:quality(80)/cloudfront-us-east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/RTAEHFG6LZOZPLCUXUYOMDXDSI.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:23'}

{'title': 'Boris Johnson Urged to Help Free British Fighters Captured in Ukraine', 'keywords': ['war', 'help', 'ukrainian', 'captured', 'johnson', 'prisoners', 'aslin', 'fighters', 'told', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0022, 'subjectivity': 0.161, 'link': 'https://www.theepochtimes.com/boris-johnson-urged-to-help-free-british-fighters-captured-in-ukraine_4427726.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:33', 'summary': 'Boris Johnson Urged to Help Free British Fighters Captured in UkraineBritish Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been urged to help free two British nationals who were captured by Russia when fighting in Mariupol.\nThe families said they have both been in Ukraine since 2018, long before the Russian invasion of the eastern European country.\nIt is between Ukraine and Russia,” Nathan Aslin told TalkTV.\nAnd it’s a moral obligation to do something about it.”Angela Aslin added: “I would like to hope that Boris will help.\nForeign Office minister James Cleverly on Tuesday confirmed that Aslin and Pinner should be treated as prisoners of war.', 'channel': 'theepochtimes.com', 'text': 'Boris Johnson Urged to Help Free British Fighters Captured in Ukraine\n\nBritish Prime Minister Boris Johnson has been urged to help free two British nationals who were captured by Russia when fighting in Mariupol.\n\nThe family of Aiden Aslin told a British TV broadcaster on Monday that they hope Johnson will help and have something “sorted out” so the 28-year-old and his fellow Briton, 48-year-old Shaun Pinner, can be returned to their families.\n\nThe UK government said it’s in touch with the two families to support them. It also condemned the exploitation of prisoners of war for political purposes and called for anyone detained to be treated humanely in accordance with the requirements of international humanitarian law.\n\nAslin, originally from Newark-on-Trent, Nottinghamshire, north England, and Pinner, originally from Bedfordshire, east England, are both members of the Ukrainian armed forces. The families said they have both been in Ukraine since 2018, long before the Russian invasion of the eastern European country.\n\nThe pair were captured earlier this month after their unit had to surrender after 48 days of defending Mariupol as they were “running out of ammunition.”\n\nThey later appeared on Russian state TV, asking Johnson to help exchange for them with Viktor Medvedchuk, a pro-Russian Ukrainian politician who was arrested by the Ukrainian secret services on April 12. It’s not clear if they were under duress.\n\nBoth appeared to have bruises and Aslin appeared to have been beaten. Their families later said they were in contact with the UK’s Foreign Office to ensure the Russian authorities “meet their obligations to prisoners of war under international law.”\n\nRussia’s foreign ministry on April 21 said “the Russian side [was] taking care of them,” and they were “fed, watered, and given the necessary assistance. Just like other foreigners who have surrendered or been detained.”\n\nA Russian national flag flies by destroyed buildings in Mariupol, Ukraine, on April 12, 2022. (Alexander Nemenov/AFP via Getty Images)\n\nThe UK government advises against reporting on specific individuals as this may impact their safety. The International Committee of the Red Cross also recommends not publishing images that identify prisoners of war, or show them in humiliating or degrading situations unless there’s a “compelling public interest” in doing so in accordance with the Geneva Convention.\n\nBut Aslin’s mother Angela and his brother Nathan spoke to TalkTV on Monday, pleading for Johnson’s help. Pinner’s family also previously released a statement through the FCDO, rebuking Russian media’s characterisation of foreign fighters in the Ukrainian military as “mercenaries.”\n\n“I would hope that, at some point, there will be a prisoner swap. However, it’s out of my hands. It is between Ukraine and Russia,” Nathan Aslin told TalkTV.\n\nOutlining his recent phone conversation with his brother, Nathan Aslin told the broadcaster, “It was obvious that he was with the Russian people that were holding him and he was asking for me to contact Boris [Johnson] to get this prison swap done. And to keep on asking for this swap.”\n\nAsked what he would say to the prime minister, Nathan said: “Act now when you got the time to act. You’ve got two British citizens on the line, being forced to say whatever the Russians are putting in [their] mouths at gunpoint, whether they show it on the camera or not. And it’s a moral obligation to do something about it.”\n\nAngela Aslin added: “I would like to hope that Boris will help. And talk to the Ukraine government [and] embassy. There can be something sorted out so that these two guys can come home.”\n\nAslin moved to Ukraine in 2018 with his Ukrainian fiancée and now holds British and Ukrainian citizenship. He previously fought the ISIS terrorist group with Kurdish militia People’s Defense Units in Syria and northern Iraq.\n\nPinner’s family previously said that the former British Army soldier decided to relocate to Ukraine in 2019 “to use his previous experience and training within the Ukraine military.”\n\nThe statement said Pinner “enjoyed the Ukrainian way of life and considered Ukraine as his adopted country” where he also met his Ukrainian wife.\n\nForeign Office minister James Cleverly on Tuesday confirmed that Aslin and Pinner should be treated as prisoners of war.\n\nAsked about the pair by Aslin’s local MP—former housing minister Robert Jenrick—Cleverly told Parliament he had discussed the issue of foreign volunteer fighters with the Ukrainian government.\n\n“They are clear, and we are clear, that those fighting under the Ukrainian flag for the Ukrainian armed forces in the defence of Ukraine should be treated as Ukrainian military and as prisoners of war, with all the protections that the international humanitarian law affords to those individuals,” Cleverly said.\n\nThe UK government advises against all travel to Ukraine.', 'image': 'https://img.theepochtimes.com/assets/uploads/2022/04/1.2.66462486.jpg-1200x800.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:33'}
{'title': 'Day 62 of the Invasion of Ukraine: Nuclear Threat, New Attacks and Casualties, More Aid to Kyiv', 'keywords': ['war', 'threat', 'president', 'kyiv', 'aid', 'invasion', 'ukrainian', 'region', 'ukraine', 'russian', 'world', 'russia', 'talks', 'attacks', 'day', 'nuclear', 'casualties'], 'polarity': 0.0427, 'subjectivity': 0.1743, 'link': 'https://www.novinite.com/articles/214866/Day+62+of+the+Invasion+of+Ukraine%3A+Nuclear+Threat%2C+New+Attacks+and+Casualties%2C+More+Aid+to+Kyiv', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:25', 'summary': 'Nuclear threat and World War III, new attacks and casualties, more aid to Kyiv.\nThe US wants a "weakened" RussiaUS Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin hopes the war in Ukraine will make it difficult for the Russian military.\nRussia warns of real danger from World War IIIRussian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has warned that there is a "real" danger of an outbreak of World War III as a result of the conflict in Ukraine.\nPeace talks to continuePeace talks with Ukraine will continue, Lavrov added.\nSeveral European countries have also reopened their embassies in Kyiv after Russia withdrew its troops from the region.', 'channel': 'novinite.com', 'text': 'Nuclear threat and World War III, new attacks and casualties, more aid to Kyiv. Here are the highlights of events in Ukraine over the past 24 hours:\n\nFive victims of attacks on railway stations\n\nAt least five people have been killed and 18 injured in Russian missile strikes at five railway stations in central Ukraine\'s Vinnytsia region, the Ukrainian Prosecutor General\'s Office said.\n\nThe US wants a "weakened" Russia\n\nUS Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin hopes the war in Ukraine will make it difficult for the Russian military. "We want to see Russia weakened to the point that it cannot do the things it did during the invasion of Ukraine," he said after a visit to Kyiv with Secretary of State Antony Blinken. Ukraine can win the war if it has the "right equipment", he added.\n\nAustin and Blinken pledged 0 million in additional military aid during their visit.\n\nRussia warns of real danger from World War III\n\nRussian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov has warned that there is a "real" danger of an outbreak of World War III as a result of the conflict in Ukraine. "The danger is serious, it\'s real, you can\'t underestimate it," he told Interfax.\n\nPeace talks to continue\n\nPeace talks with Ukraine will continue, Lavrov added. He criticized Kyiv\'s approach to the talks and accused President Volodymyr Zelensky of "pretending" to negotiate. "Goodwill has its limits. But if it is not reciprocal, it does not help the negotiation process," he said.\n\nUS ambassadors and consuls will return to Kyiv\n\nBlinken confirmed that US diplomats withdrawn from Ukraine at the start of the Russian invasion would gradually return to Kyiv. US President Joe Biden has nominated Foreign Service Officer Bridget Brink as the next US ambassador.\n\nSeveral European countries have also reopened their embassies in Kyiv after Russia withdrew its troops from the region.\n\nThere is no deal for Mariupol\n\nThe Russian military says Kyiv has prevented the evacuation of civilians from Mariupol\'s Azovstal steel plant, where Ukrainian forces have barricaded themselves in the besieged port city, despite announcing a unilateral ceasefire. According to Ukraine, however, Moscow has not agreed to its request to evacuate wounded soldiers and civilians.\n\nPutin congratulated Macron\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin has congratulated French President Emmanuel Macron on his victory over far-right candidate Marin Le Pen, who is considered closer to Moscow.\n\nICC joins investigation into crimes in Ukraine\n\nThe Attorney General of the International Criminal Court will join the EU investigation team to investigate possible international crimes committed in Ukraine. This is the first time that its representatives have participated in a joint international investigation.\n\nExpelled German diplomats\n\nMoscow expelled 40 German diplomats after Berlin declared 40 Russian diplomats persona non grata earlier this month.\n\nBritish missiles against Russia\n\nThe Minister of Defense of the United Kingdom Ben Wallace assured that London will send to Ukraine armored vehicles that can fire missiles at Russian warplanes.\n\nRussia claims to have shot down Ukrainian drones\n\nThe governor of Russia\'s Kursk region, which borders Ukraine, said Russian forces had shot down two Ukrainian drones near the border between the two countries, in the Rylsk region of Kursk. Two people were injured in a village in Russia\'s Belgorod region as a result of Ukrainian strikes, the village mayor said.\n\n5.2 million refugees\n\nMore than 5.2 million Ukrainians have fled their country since Russia launched its invasion two months ago. More than 45,000 have left in the last 24 hours, the UN said.\n\nFollow Novinite.com on Twitter and Facebook\n\nWrite to us at editors@novinite.com\n\nИнформирайте се на Български - Novinite.bg\n\n/BGNES', 'image': 'https://www.novinite.com/media/images/2022-04/photo_verybig_214866.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:25'}
{'title': "'Breach of rights' Boris Johnson rages at Putin parading UK hostages captured in Ukraine", 'keywords': ['putin', 'aiden', 'rages', 'ukraine', 'captured', 'johnson', 'breach', 'russia', 'parading', 'prisoners', 'rights', 'aslin', 'prime', 'hostages'], 'polarity': 0.009, 'subjectivity': 0.1755, 'link': 'https://www.express.co.uk/news/politics/1601507/Boris-Johnson-latest-Ukraine-news-Aiden-Aslin-Russia-war-Vladimir-Putin-latest-vn', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:05', 'summary': 'Boris Johnson: UK hostages should not be paradedfree Ukrainians in the UK email for updates, changes and news SUBSCRIBE Invalid email Get ourUkrainians in the UK email for updates, changes and news We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you\'ve consented to and to improve our understanding of you.\nMore infoThe Prime Minister has lashed out at the Russian treatment of two captured British men Aiden Aslin, 28, and Shaun Pinner, 48 in Ukraine.\nBoris Johnson slammed the Russian military for treating the two prisoners as hostages after they were captured during the battle for the city of Mariupol.\n"They are prisoners of war and they are therefore entitled to rights under the Geneva Convention.\n"They should not be made to give hostage videos that is a breach of their rights as prisoners of war."', 'channel': 'express.co.uk', 'text': 'Boris Johnson: UK hostages should not be paraded\n\nfree Ukrainians in the UK email for updates, changes and news SUBSCRIBE Invalid email Get ourUkrainians in the UK email for updates, changes and news We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you\'ve consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. More info\n\nThe Prime Minister has lashed out at the Russian treatment of two captured British men Aiden Aslin, 28, and Shaun Pinner, 48 in Ukraine. Boris Johnson slammed the Russian military for treating the two prisoners as hostages after they were captured during the battle for the city of Mariupol.\n\nMr Johnson told TalkTV: "Aiden and other UK nationals who have been fighting for the Ukrainian Armed Forces who get captured are not hostages, they\'re not there to be swapped, you know, as though they were terrorists or whatever. "They are prisoners of war and they are therefore entitled to rights under the Geneva Convention. "They should not under the laws of war be paraded in front of the cameras. "They should not be made to give hostage videos that is a breach of their rights as prisoners of war." JUST IN: \'Putin on brink: Exiled oligarch says next round of sanctions to deliver \'serious blow\n\nBoris Johnson speaks on UK hostages in Russia, saying ‘they should not be paraded in front of the ca\n\nBoris Johnson spoke out over treatment of Aiden Aslin and fellow Briton Shaun Pinner\n\nFacebook is to take down a video of captured British soldier Aiden Aslin being taunted with the death penalty, Prime Minister Boris Johnson has said. Mr Aslin was captured while fighting with Ukrainian armed forces against Russia. Mr Johnson said the removal comes after Culture Secretary Nadine Dorries spoke to Sir Nick Clegg, vice president of global affairs at Facebook\'s parent company Meta and the UK\'s former Deputy Prime Minister. Mr Johnson told TalkTV: "Nadine Dorries rang Facebook earlier today, she rang Nick Clegg, and as I understand the matter Nick has agreed to take that down."\n\nUkraine\'s war with Russia could be \'extremely long\' says expert\n\nTrending\n\nRussia versus Ukraine mapped', 'image': 'https://cdn.images.express.co.uk/img/dynamic/139/1200x712/1601507_1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:05'}
{'title': "‘They'd probably all die': Analysts Doubt Russian Push Toward Separatist Transnistria", 'keywords': ['doubt', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'city', 'forces', 'according', 'southern', 'military', 'russian'], 'polarity': -0.0043, 'subjectivity': 0.1906, 'link': 'https://www.themoscowtimes.com/2022/04/26/theyd-probably-all-die-analysts-doubt-russian-push-toward-separatist-transnistria-a77498', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:21', 'summary': 'There are between 7,000 and 11,000 Russian soldiers deployed around Kherson, according to analysts.\nMinnekayev does not lead operations in southern Ukraine and is not the figure you would expect to lay out Russia’s military goals there, he added.\nIn particular, Russia appears to have stepped up attacks on targets in and around the southern city of Odesa.\nA Russian missile attack Tuesday destroyed a bridge over the Dniester estuary to the west of Odesa, according to Ukrainian officials.\nRescuers clear debris in a damaged building in Odessa, southern Ukraine on April 24, 2022, which was reportedly hit by missile strike.', 'channel': 'themoscowtimes.com', 'text': 'Fears rose Tuesday that Moscow could order a military push through south-west Ukraine following Russian airstrikes on infrastructure near the Black Sea coast and a series of blasts in the Moscow-backed separatist region of Transnistria on Ukraine\'s western border. The military developments followed hints from a Russian general about an attempt to link up with Transnistrian forces, and cutting-off Kyiv’s access to the southern part of the country. But military experts warn that – even if it exists – such a Russian plan is unlikely to be feasible in the immediate future given logistical difficulties and the Kremlin’s concentration of men and equipment in eastern Ukraine. “The chances of them breaking out and fighting through to Odesa and Transnistria are slim,” said Sam Cranny-Evans, a military analyst at the London-based Royal United Services Institute think-tank. “They’d probably all die if they tried.” Instead, Russian forces are currently focused on striking north from the port city of Mariupol and south from the strategic town Izyum, in an attempt to encircle Ukrainian troops in the east of the country. The so-called “battle for Donbas” could be long and arduous, according to analysts, leaving Moscow few options if it was mulling a push out of the Russian-occupied city of Kherson in the direction of Moldova. A strip of land home to about 470,000 people, the Moldovan separatist region of Transnistria is sandwiched between Moldova and Ukraine, and has been under the control of separatist authorities since a 1992 war. Russia bases about 1,500 troops there, which it refers to as peacekeepers.\n\nA fire engine is pictured outside the Ministry for State Security of Transnistria that was shelled from hand-held grenade launchers on April 25. Transnistria\'s Interior Ministry\n\n“If you look at Kherson… there aren\'t many troops compared to Izyum where there\'s potentially 25,000 pushing south,” Cranny-Evans told The Moscow Times. There are between 7,000 and 11,000 Russian soldiers deployed around Kherson, according to analysts. Transnistria is about 300 kilometers from Kherson. “The plan remains to take [the eastern Ukrainian regions of] Donetsk and Luhansk and to hold on to the southern territories Russia has taken so far,\'\' said Dmitry Gorenburg, a researcher on Russian security at the Virginia-based CNA think tank. Speculation about a Russian push through south-western Ukraine began Friday, when General Rustam Minnekayev, the deputy commander of Russia\'s central military district, said that "control over the south of Ukraine is another way out to Transnistria, where there are also facts of oppression of the Russian-speaking population.” This was followed Monday by explosions at the headquarters of Transnistria’s security services, and blasts Tuesday at two Transnistrian radio towers. The Moldovan authorities said Tuesday that the attacks were a “pretext” for stirring tensions in the region. Kremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov told reporters that Moscow was following the situation in Transnistria closely, and expressed "concern" at the violence. Yet, despite these events, analysts said Russia was unlikely to launch an attack westward in an attempt to link up with the Russian forces based in the separatist region, and that Minnekayev was more likely setting out what Russia hopes may one day be possible.\n\nAn antenna of the Transnistrian Radio and TV Centre has collapsed after an explosion in the village of Mayak, Grigoriopol District. Transnistria\'s Interior Ministry / TASS\n\n“This was a statement to encourage the troops, rather than… revised Russian war aims,” said Gorenburg. Minnekayev does not lead operations in southern Ukraine and is not the figure you would expect to lay out Russia’s military goals there, he added. To even begin considering a breakout to the west, Russia would need to first utilize the superiority it has in air and naval forces. The sinking of the Moskva missile cruiser, the flagship of Russia’s Black Sea fleet, earlier this month has led to a more cautious approach from the Russian navy, according to Gorenburg. Instead, Russia is slowly asserting its dominance in the air. “Russian air force sorties are up 150% over the last week, about 300 a day, and that will just be unrelenting for the Ukrainians,” Cranny-Evans said. In particular, Russia appears to have stepped up attacks on targets in and around the southern city of Odesa. A Russian missile attack Tuesday destroyed a bridge over the Dniester estuary to the west of Odesa, according to Ukrainian officials. There were also several missile attacks on the port city Sunday, at least one of which resulted in civilian casualties. These strikes could be part of a wider Russian plan to herd Ukrainian forces into smaller pockets and cut-off their supply lines, leading to long-term shortages of food, ammunition and air defense equipment, according to Cranny-Evans.\n\nRescuers clear debris in a damaged building in Odessa, southern Ukraine on April 24, 2022, which was reportedly hit by missile strike. A Russian strike on a residential building on April 23, 2022 has killed eight people, including a baby, and wounded at least 18 others in Ukraine\'s Black Sea city of Odessa, Kyiv says. Oleksandr GIMANOV / AFP', 'image': 'https://static.themoscowtimes.com/image/1360/84/000_328Y6ZY.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:21'}
{'title': 'Early Edition: April 25, 2022', 'keywords': ['reports', 'president', 'yesterday', 'washington', 'ukrainian', 'report', 'ukraine', 'according', 'york', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0365, 'subjectivity': 0.2186, 'link': 'https://www.justsecurity.org/81255/early-edition-25-april-2022/?utm_source=rss&utm_medium=rss&utm_campaign=early-edition-25-april-2022', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:03', 'summary': 'by Emma SnellSignup to receive the Early Edition in your inbox here.\nNine Russian missiles struck infrastructure in Kremenchuk, an industrial city in central Ukraine, yesterday according to a regional leader.\nAlina Kabaeva, the woman the U.S. government believes to be Russian President Vladimir Putin’s girlfriend, has been spared sanctions in a last-minute decision.\nTop Ukrainian officials yesterday expressed disapproval of U.N. Secretary-General António Guterres’ planned meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Tuesday.\nIgor Zhovkva, deputy head of the officer of Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, told NBC in an interview that Guterres is “not really” authorized to speak on behalf of the Ukrainian government.', 'channel': 'justsecurity.org', 'text': 'by Emma Snell\n\nSignup to receive the Early Edition in your inbox here.\n\nA curated weekday guide to major national security news and developments over the past 24 hours. Here’s today’s news.\n\nRUSSIA, UKRAINE – FIGHTING\n\nRussia has made small advances after beginning to focus on the full occupation of the Donbas region, but the lack of resources and combat support is making it hard for the Russian troops to occupy the region, the U.K. Defense Ministry has said in an intelligence update. Russia’s Ministry of Defense has proposed that the military handle payments to families of deceased soldiers, suggesting that Russia is trying to hide the extensive war losses from its own population, the update added. Ayumi Fujimoto reports for NBC News.\n\nFive train stations in central and western Ukraine came under Russian fire this morning, delaying train services, Oleksandr Kamyshim chairman of Ukrainian Railways said in a Telegram post. Julian Duplain reports for the Washington Post.\n\nRussia has said that it would investigate the cause of a large fire that erupted in the early hours of the morning at an oil storage facility in the city of Bryansk 96 miles northeast of the border with Ukraine. The ministry said in a statement that the fire had broken out at a facility owned by oil pipeline company Transneft at 0200 local time (1800 EST) and that there had been no need to evacuate any parts of Bryansk, a city of 400,000 people. Reuters reports.\n\nNine Russian missiles struck infrastructure in Kremenchuk, an industrial city in central Ukraine, yesterday according to a regional leader. “The enemy does not shy away from anything, even on such a holy day,” Dmytro Lunin, an acting governor and head of the Poltava region’s military administration, wrote on Telegram. María Paúl reports for the Washington Post.\n\nRussian attacks targeting the towns of Gorske and Zolote in the eastern Luhansk region killed six people on Saturday, the region’s governor, Sergiy Haida has said. Cora Engelbrecht reports for the New York Times.\n\nA series of artillery strikes hit central and east Kharkiv on Saturday, including a large residential area. There were no casualties in the strike on central Kharkiv, officials said. Thomas Gibbons-Neff reports for the New York Times.\n\nRussia is planning a staged referendum in the Ukrainian city of Kherson to justify “its occupation,” according to the U.K.’s Defense Ministry. “The city is key to Russia’s objective of establishing a land bridge to Crimea and dominating southern Ukraine,” the ministry tweeted in an intelligence update. María Paúl reports for the Washington Post.\n\nRUSSIA, UKRAINE – MARIUPOL\n\nUkrainian forces are still in full control of the Azovstal steel plant in the port city of Mariupol and have repelled continuous assaults by Russian infantry, Capt. Svyatoslav Palamar, the deputy commander of the Azov Battalion, said yesterday. Ukrainian forces are willing to leave the factory and evacuate the city if given guarantees of safe passage for themselves and hundreds of civilians, Palamar said. Michael Schwirtz reports for the New York Times.\n\nRussian troops may be preparing for a renewed assault on the Azovstal steel plant, according to an update by Washington-based think tank the Institute for the Study of War. BBC News reports.\n\nThe International Committee of the Red Cross issued a statement yesterday saying that it was “deeply alarmed” by the situation in Mariupol. The statement called for unimpeded access to help residents, including hundreds of wounded. Marc Santora and Austin Ramzy report for the New York Times.\n\nRUSSIA, UKRAINE – U.S. RESPONSE\n\nSecretary of State Antony Blinken said during an unannounced trip to Kyiv on Sunday that U.S. diplomats would return to Ukraine this week. Blinken and Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin traveled to the Ukrainian capital, where they met with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and other Ukrainian officials, making them the highest-level US officials to have traveled to the country since Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. Kylie Atwood and Jennifer Hanlser report for CNN.\n\nBridget Brink, who is currently the ambassador to Slovakia, is expected to be named as U.S. ambassador to Ukraine – a position that has been left vacant since early 2020 under former President Trump’s administration. President Joe Biden will likely nominate her later today. María Paúl and Missy Ryan report for the Washington Post.\n\nAt the meeting in Kyiv, the U.S. pledged more than $700m in military financing to help Ukraine’s war efforts, officials have said. About half of the money will go to Ukraine, while the rest will be split among NATO members and other regional allies. In addition, the US will sell $165m of ammunition to Ukraine. BBC News reports.\n\nRussia is failing in its war aims but Ukraine is succeeding, Blinken said following his and Austin’s meeting with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Kyiv. Reuters reports.\n\nThe United States hopes the war in Ukraine will result in a “weakened” Russia that no longer has the capacity to invade its neighbors, Austin told reporters during his trip to Kyiv. “We want to see Russia weakened to the degree that it can’t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine,” Austin said. Annabelle Timsit and Julie Yoon report for the Washington Post.\n\nZelenskyy has thanked the US for its “unprecedented” support for Ukraine, following his meeting with Blinken and Austin yesterday. “We appreciate the unprecedented assistance of the United States to Ukraine. I would like to thank President Biden personally and on behalf of the entire Ukrainian people for his leadership in supporting Ukraine, for his personal clear position. To thank all the American people, as well as the Congress for their bicameral and bipartisan support. We see it. We feel it,” Volodymyr Zelenskyy said. Ukraine’s presidential website reports.\n\nAlina Kabaeva, the woman the U.S. government believes to be Russian President Vladimir Putin’s girlfriend, has been spared sanctions in a last-minute decision. U.S. officials believe that sanctioning Kabaeva would be deemed so personal a blow to Putin that it could further escalate tensions between Russia and the U.S.. Vivian Salama, Joe Parkinson and Drew Hinshaw report for the Wall Street Journal.\n\nMultiple governors have announced that their state National Guards would be sending armored vehicles to Ukraine in response to a request from the Pentagon. Gov. Mike DeWine (R- OH) and Gov. Jim Justice (R – WV) announced that their state National Guards would be providing an unspecified number of M-113 armored personnel carriers, which help move equipment and soldiers “while providing protection from small arms fire and the effects of artillery,” according to press releases from both governors’ offices. Caroline Vakil reports for The Hill.\n\nRUSSIA, UKRAINE – GLOBAL RESPONSE\n\nIn recent days Russian authorities have stopped publishing data on government debt, trade statistics and oil production, while lawmakers work on a bill banning lenders from sharing data with foreign states. The growing blackout is part of an effort by the Russian authorities to protect the economy and domestic companies from further sanctions by the West. Limited data means that Washington and Brussels will have less visibility on whether and how their sanctions are working. Georgi Kantchev reports for the Wall Street Journal.\n\nTop Ukrainian officials yesterday expressed disapproval of U.N. Secretary-General António Guterres’ planned meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin on Tuesday. Igor Zhovkva, deputy head of the officer of Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, told NBC in an interview that Guterres is “not really” authorized to speak on behalf of the Ukrainian government. Quint Forget reports for POLITICO.\n\nRUSSIA, UKRAINE – OTHER DEVELOPMENTS\n\nRussia has proposed the forced donation of blood by captured Ukrainian soldiers, according to Ukrainian ombudsperson for Human Rights, Lyudmila Denisova. “This fact testifies to the analogy of the atrocities of the Nazis in the concentration camps during the Second World War,” she said in a post on Facebook. Aaron Reich reports for the Jerusalem Post.\n\nGreenpeace activists have sought to block a tanker from delivering Russian oil to Norway, chaining themselves to the vessel in a protest against the war in Ukraine. As of this morning, the Ust Luga product tanker is anchored outside Exxon Mobil’s Slagen oil terminal some 43 miles south of the capital Oslo, according to the vessel tracker Marine Traffic. “Oil is not only at the root of the climate crisis but also of wars and conflicts. I am shocked that Norway operates as a free port for Russian oil, which we know finances Putin’s warfare,” Greenpeace Norway head Frode Pleym said. Reuters reports.\n\nUkraine’s postal service has said it was targeted by a cyberattack on Friday following to sale of stamps portraying a Ukrainian soldier making a crude gesture to a Russian warship. Reuters reports.\n\nUkraine has asked the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) for a list of equipment that is necessary for the reliable and safe operation of its nuclear facilities during the war. The list specifically mentions radiation measuring instruments, shielding materials, electrical power systems and diesel generators. The IAEA reports.\n\nOTHER U.S. RELATIONS\n\nFBI Director Christopher Wray said yesterday that the current scale of espionage and cybersecurity threats from China were “unprecedented in history.” He noted that China’s hacking program is larger “than that of every other major nation combined,” adding that China’s targets span nearly every sector of the economy. Monique Balls reports for The Hill.\n\nThe Chinese government is not only mistreating Uyghurs within China’s borders, it is hunting them down abroad with help from countries like Saudi Arabia, Egypt and the United Arab Emirates, according to a new report by the Woodrow Wilson Center’s Kissinger Institute on China and the U.S.. More than 5,500 Uyghurs outside of China have been targeted by Beijing, hit with cyberattacks and threats to family members who remain in China, and more than 1,500 Uyghurs have been detained or forced to return to China to face imprisonment and torture in police custody, according to the report. Anna Schecter reports for NBC News.\n\nPresident Biden yesterday issued a statement memorializing the Armenian genocide. “Let us redouble our efforts toward healing and building the better, more peaceful world that we wish for our children … A world where human rights are respected, where the evils of bigotry and intolerance do not mark our daily lives, and where people everywhere are free to pursue their lives in dignity and security,” the statement said. David Cohen reports for POLITICO.\n\nOTHER GLOBAL DEVELOPMENTS\n\nEmmanuel Macron won a second term as president of France yesterday, triumphing over his far-right challenger, Marine Le Pen. Projections at the close of voting, which are generally reliable, showed Macron gaining 58.5 per cent of the vote to Le Pen’s 41.5 per cent. His victory was much narrower than in 2017 when the margin was 66.1 per cent to 33.9 per cent for Le Pen. Roger Cohen reports for the New York Times.\n\nPreliminary results for Slovenia’s parliamentary elections show that right-wing Prime Minister Janez Jansa has lost to centrist rivals. With 95 per cent of the vote counted, results indicated that Jansa’s Slovenian Democratic Party had won around 24 per cent of the vote. That is far behind the 34 per cent of its main rival, the centrist Freedom Movement, meaning that Jansa is highly unlikely to keep his post as prime minister. Andrew Higgins reports for the New York Times.\n\nIsrael yesterday closed its civilian border crossing with the Gaza Strip, preventing thousands of Gazans from getting to work in Israel, in an effort to pressure Gaza’s ruler Hamas to halt rocket attacks against southern Israel. The closure comes after Palestinian militants fired two rockets at Israel Friday night and one on Saturday morning. Dov Lieber reports for the Wall Street Journal.\n\nHundreds of Arab militia fighters, attacked a village in Sudan’s western Darfur region yesterday, torching homes and shops and killing at least 150 people, according to aid groups and U.N. officials. The violence, which later spread to a nearby town, was the latest in a series of clashes involving Arab and ethnic African groups in Darfur in recent months. Declan Walsh reports for the New York Times.\n\nBritish man, Luke Symons, who was held captive in Yemen without charge or trial for five years has been released from jail. U.K. foreign secretary, Liz Truss, confirmed yesterday that Symons “would shortly be reunited with his family.” She thanked Omani and Saudi negotiators as well as U.K. Foreign Office staff as he was released alongside 13 other foreign nationals in Yemen. Joe Middleton reports for the Guardian.\n\nThree policemen were killed in central Nigeria’s Kogi state on Saturday after gunmen stormed a police station in an attack claimed by Islamic State. The attack came a day after explosives planted at a bar in northeast Nigeria injured 11 people. Anna MacSwan reports for the Guardian.\n\nHealth authorities in the Democratic Republic and Congo have declared a new outbreak of Ebola, the Work Health organisation reported yesterday. So far, just one case has been confirmed and investigations to determine the source of the outbreak are ongoing. U.N. News Centre reports.\n\nSaudi princes have sold more than $600 million worth of real estate, yachts and artwork in the U.S. and Europe since the kingdom’s de facto ruler Prince Mohammed bin Salman tightened the purse strings of the ultrawealthy ruling family. The transactions represent a radical change of fortune for senior princes who funnelled windfalls from oil booms in the 1970s and 1980s into some of the world’s most exclusive markets. “They’ve clearly been cut down to a disciplined, defined regimen and are having to live on that,” said British historian Robert Lacey, who has chronicled the Saudi ruling family since the 1980s. Prince Mohammed is “here for the long term and he’s reshaping things in a long-term fashion.” Stephen Kalin reports for the Wall Street Journal.\n\nJAN. 6, 2021 ATTACK\n\nRep. Marjorie Taylor Greene (R-GA) was confronted in court on Friday over past social media posts advocating violence against Democrats. At the hearing in Atlanta, to determine if Greene is constitutionally barred from running for reelection because of her alleged role in the Jan. 6 attack, the congressperson repeatedly said she couldn’t remember past comments or interactions. Andrew Kaczynski and Em Steck report for CNN.\n\nOTHER DOMESTIC DEVELOPMENTS\n\nTwitter Inc. is in discussions to sell itself to Elon Musk and could finalize a deal as soon as this week. The two sides met Sunday to discuss Musk’s proposal and were making progress, according to sources familiar with the matter. However, there is no guarantee they will reach a deal. Cara Lombardo and Dana Cimilluca report for the Wall Street Journal.\n\nA U.S. Air Force general officer has been found guilty of abusive sexual contact, in the first-ever court-martial trial and conviction of a general officer in the history of the military branch. Maj. Gen. William T. Cooley was found guilty on one of three specifications of sexual assault connected to a 2018 incident in New Mexico, the Air Force said in a statement. Aaron Pellish reports for CNN.\n\nThe Supreme Court will hear arguments today in the case of Joseph Kennedy – a Washington state high school football coach who lost his job after he refused to stop praying on the field immediately after games. “There is good reason to think that its newly expanded conservative majority will not only rule in Kennedy’s favor but also make a major statement about the role religion may play in public life,” Adam Liptak reports for the New York Times.\n\nThis morning a judge will consider whether to hold former President Trump in contempt for violating a court order that he comply with a subpoena regarding a civil investigation into his business practices. New York Attorney General Letitia James (D) is asking a state court judge to fine Trump $10,000 for each day that he has failed to turn over documents relevant to the subpoena. Harper Neidig reports for The Hill.\n\nFBI Director Christopher Wray yesterday highlighted an increase in violence against police officers last year, including a jump in police murders. “Violence against law enforcement in this country is one of the biggest phenomena that I think doesn’t get enough attention,” Wray said in an interview, adding that in 2021, “officers were being killed at a rate of almost one every five days.” Monique Beals reports for The Hill.\n\nA Colorado man who set himself on fire in front of the Supreme Court on Friday in an apparent Earth Day protest against climate change has died. The Metropolitan Police Department of Washington, D.C., said that Wynn Bruce, 50, of Boulder, Colo., died on Saturday from his injuries after being airlifted to a hospital following the incident. Chris Cameron reports for the New York Times.\n\nCOVID-19\n\nCOVID-19 has infected over 80.98 million people and has now killed over 991.254 people in the United States, according to data compiled by Johns Hopkins University. Globally, there have been over 507.56 million confirmed coronavirus cases and over 6.21 million deaths. Sergio Hernandez, Sean O’Key, Amanda Watts, Byron Manley and Henrik Pettersson report for CNN.\n\nA map and analysis of the vaccine roll out across the U.S. is available at the New York Times.\n\nA map and analysis of all confirmed cases of the virus in the U.S. is available at the New York Times.\n\nU.S. and worldwide maps tracking the spread of the pandemic are available at the Washington Post.\n\nA state-by-state guide to lockdown measures and reopenings is provided by the New York Times.', 'image': 'https://www.justsecurity.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/GettyImages-73086221-1-e1512768873185.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:03'}
{'title': "Russia's March from Hybrid War to Genocide", 'keywords': ['russias', 'siege', 'army', 'international', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'territory', 'genocide', 'military', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0462, 'subjectivity': 0.2356, 'link': 'https://www.thecipherbrief.com/column_article/russias-march-from-hybrid-war-to-genocide', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:03', 'summary': 'The success of the ”conquest of Crimea” operation encouraged President Putin to launch in 2014-2015 a second hybrid war against Ukraine in the Donbass region of eastern Ukraine.\nAfter the hybrid war between 2014 and February 2022, Russia now favors the pursuit of a frontal conventional war.\nBy targeting civilians, the Russian army is violating the “jus in bello” (the law of war).\nAfter six weeks of fighting, the Russian army has suffered devastating losses estimated between 10,000 and 12,000 soldiers.\nThe ongoing war in Ukraine is, strictly speaking, a war of stalemate and extermination.', 'channel': 'thecipherbrief.com', 'text': 'Alternative Perspectives\n\nOPINION — Since 2014, Russia has waged three persistent and multifaceted wars of conquest against Ukraine. The unstated strategic goal of these successive wars is Russia’s premeditated and determined fragmentation of Ukrainian national territory.\n\nThe first Russian-Ukrainian war led to the territorial conquest of the Crimean Peninsula in 2014, and its annexation to the Russian Federation. The means used by Russia to appropriate this Ukrainian territory were then unconventional, that is, from the military point of view, without recourse to regular troops of the Russian army. Analysts and strategists have described this war as hybrid and multiform. This type of warfare combines special military operations, cyber elements and informational toxication, i.e. a disinformation campaign orchestrated by a state, in this case, Russia.\n\nThe Russian special forces (spetsnez in Russian) were deployed in Crimea in uniforms without badges, in order to hide their identity and that of the sponsoring state. For this reason, the journalists present in Crimea nicknamed them, “the little green men” due to the olive-green color of their fatigues. This nickname, most often associated with extraterrestrials in contemporary popular television culture (notably the X-files), also emphasized their presumed alien character.\n\nThe success of the ”conquest of Crimea” operation encouraged President Putin to launch in 2014-2015 a second hybrid war against Ukraine in the Donbass region of eastern Ukraine. The objective of this war was to amputate a new piece of Ukrainian territory in order to further dismember the country by political and military destabilization. Russian special forces, this time dressed as civilians, hid among the pro-Russian Ukrainian fighters in the region.\n\nToday’s constant barrage of information makes it easy for countries to wage disinformation campaigns and your emotions are the weapon of choice. Learn how disinformation works and how we can fight it in this short video. This is one link you can feel good about sharing.\n\nThe hybrid war in Donbass was undoubtedly a military success for Putin. The institutions of the Ukrainian state were promptly expelled from the territory taken by the pro-Russian Ukrainian rebels. The next day, the Luhansk and Donetsk People’s Republics were proclaimed by the irredentist insurgents, supported, armed and recognized by Russia. The Donbass war lasted eight years, until February 24, 2022. The human losses from this conflict were estimated between 13,000 and 14,000 dead (soldiers and civilians combined).\n\nThe third war in Ukraine began on February 24, 2022, with a massive invasion of the Russian army from the territories of Russia and Belarus. On this occasion, Russia mobilized 190,000 soldiers to conquer and occupy the entire Ukrainian territory. To justify his entry into war against Ukraine, Putin offered, “the ongoing genocide against the Russian-speaking community of Donbass perpetrated by the Nazi government of Ukraine”. This is a baseless assertion, as no evidence was ever submitted by Russia to the UN International Court of Justice to validate this accusation. On the contrary, the Court ordered Russia to suspend its invasion of Ukraine on March 16, 2022; the order, however, remained a dead letter, deliberately ignored by President Putin.\n\nThe frontal and all-out war against Ukraine was also deliberately misleading, designated by Putin as a “special military operation”. Qualifying the ongoing war in such a way pursues the goal of hiding Russia’s real intentions from the Russian people and the international community.\n\nAfter the hybrid war between 2014 and February 2022, Russia now favors the pursuit of a frontal conventional war. Why? Strategically speaking, such a change corresponds to new Russian goals for the war. This time Russia is no longer satisfied with just taking another piece of Ukrainian territory, but rather wants to occupy and dominate the whole country. The “blitzkrieg”, launched simultaneously on several fronts by the Russian army, aims at the annihilation of the Ukrainian armed forces and the rapid capture of major cities, including the capital, Kiev. Such a massive and all-out attack clearly underlines a desire by the Russians to eliminate both the Ukrainian government and President Volodymyr Zelensky.\n\nAfter two months of fierce fighting however, it appears that the conquest of the whole Ukrainian territory is still out of reach for the Russian army. Unable to inflict decisive losses on the Ukrainian army, the Russian military is massively and indiscriminately bombing Ukrainian cities and causing an exodus of civilians, unseen in Europe since the Second World War. The war against Ukraine has forced 5 million Ukrainians to flee their country and another 6 million to become internal refugees.\n\nBy targeting civilians, the Russian army is violating the “jus in bello” (the law of war). In fact, the violence against civilians and cities in Ukraine has alerted UN institutions, in particular the General Assembly and the International Criminal Court (ICC). At the UN General Assembly session held on March 2, 2022, 141 member states condemned the Russian aggression against Ukraine; 35 abstained and only 5 supported Russia. Among the five states in favor were Russia and Belarus. Note here, that the UN currently has 193 member states.\n\nThe International Criminal Court (ICC) opened an investigation on March 2, 2022, into war crimes and crimes against humanity that may have been committed in Ukraine since 2013. This request was made to the Court by 39 of its 123 member states.\n\nAt a more strategic level, the element that is proving to be a determining factor in the present conflict is the surprising capacity of the Ukrainian military-civilian army to resist the ongoing Russian invasion. The Ukrainian army, by launching counter-offensives on several fronts, has forced the Russian occupiers to change their preferred form of warfare and strategic objectives. After six weeks of fighting, the Russian army has suffered devastating losses estimated between 10,000 and 12,000 soldiers. These are higher losses than those suffered by the Soviet army in Afghanistan during ten years of fighting (1979-1989).\n\nAfter two months of combat, the Blitzkrieg initially practiced by the Russian army, has turned into siege warfare, which has entailed great suffering for the civilians in Ukraine’s larger cities. This form of warfare was also undertaken in the past by the Russian army in Chechnya (the siege of the capital, Grozny) and in Syria (the siege of Aleppo). Serbia, a Russian ally in the Balkans, also practiced this type of siege warfare against Bosnia and Croatia during the disintegration of Yugoslavia (1991-1995). The siege of Kharkiv bears similarities to that of Sarajevo in Bosnia and the siege of Mariupol to that of Vukovar in Croatia.\n\nAccording to the latest reports, the Ukrainian defense of Mariupol seems on the verge of collapse despite defying a Russian ultimatum to surrender at the end of Easter weekend. This concerning development takes place after the humiliating, and highly symbolic, sinking of the Russian flagship of the Black Sea Fleet, thanks to what appears to have been a successful Ukrainian missile attack. In response, Russia’s military declared it’s clear intention to intensify strikes on the capital, Kyiv. The siege of Mariupol has been compared by Ukrainian and US officials to the siege of Leningrad during World War II.\n\nSome of those responsible for the sieges of cities in Croatia and Bosnia were sentenced by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY). The case of the former president of Serbia, Slobodan Milosevic, who was accused by the ICTY of genocide and war crimes, is worth mentioning. He died in a cell before the end of his trial. On these grounds, it is to be hoped that the war criminals who are currently bombing Ukrainian cities and humanitarian corridors will end up before international justice.\n\nThe ongoing war in Ukraine is, strictly speaking, a war of stalemate and extermination. Once again, the Yugoslav example is revealing in the context of the present situation.\n\nOn one hand, the war in ex-Yugoslavia lasted from 1991 to 2000. On the other hand, the recent massacres in Bucha, near Kiev, during the withdrawal of Russian forces, are the most morbid proof of the will of Putin’s regime to enact extermination. They are blatantly reminiscent of the criminal ethnic cleansing of the war in Bosnia-Herzegovina (1992-1995).\n\nFrance, Germany, Spain, Sweden, Italy and Denmark have announced the expulsion of dozens of Russian diplomats in response to alleged war crimes committed by the Russian army in Ukraine. Reciprocation should follow shortly on the Russian side. This type of war presages a long-lasting conflict.\n\nTo accelerate and find a lasting diplomatic solution in Ukraine, it is essential to help the Ukrainian army. At present, the United States, Great Britain and Canada are the most committed to arming Ukraine. It is also time for the members of the European Union to do more.\n\nIt is only the change in the balance of power on the battlefield that will force Russia to negotiate in good faith and bring peace to Ukraine.\n\nAfter approximately two months of fighting, the repositioning and concentrating of the Russian armed forces in southeastern Ukraine, suggests that the Ukrainian state will eventually be divided into two distinct political units: eastern Ukraine, controlled entirely by Russia, and western Ukraine, controlled by the current government under President Zelensky.\n\nThis scenario is similar to the division of Korea at the end of the Korean War (1950-1953) into South and North Korea. The international community must mobilize more substantially to prevent this catastrophic scenario for the sovereignty, territorial integrity and security of Ukraine and, more broadly, that of Central and Eastern Europe.\n\nThe opinions expressed here are those of the authors alone and do not reflect the official policies or positions of Public Safety Canada or any of its components, or any other part of the Canadian government.\n\nSharing informed opinions is important. Opinion pieces represent the diverse views of The Cipher Brief audience and do not represent views of The Cipher Brief.', 'image': 'https://www.thecipherbrief.com/wp-content/themes/cipher/favicon/apple-touch-icon.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:03'}
{'title': 'Russia announces expulsion of 40 German diplomats in tit-for-tat move - as it happened', 'keywords': ['russias', 'ministry', 'titfortat', 'president', 'announces', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'russian', 'oil', 'defense', 'military', 'diplomats'], 'polarity': 0.0109, 'subjectivity': 0.236, 'link': 'https://www.dw.com/en/russia-announces-expulsion-of-40-german-diplomats-in-tit-for-tat-move-as-it-happened/a-61577651?maca=en-rss-en-eu-2092-rdf', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:42', 'summary': 'Watch video 02:42 Russia expels German diplomats: Leonie von Hammerstein reportsRussia declares 40 German diplomats \'persona non grata\'Russia\'s Foreign Ministry says it has declared 40 employees of German diplomatic institutions in Russia "persona non grata."\nOn April 21, Russian President Vladimir Putin said that he cancelled plans to storm the Azovstal plant in Mariupol.\nWhen freedom is defended in one country, it is defended all over the world," said the Ukrainian president.\nBlinken said that Russia\'s military was underperforming and its economy was "in shambles" due to sanctions and a mass "exodus" from the country.\nEU considering \'smart sanctions\' against Russian oilThe European Union is preparing "smart sanctions" against Russian oil imports, the UK newspaper The Times reported.', 'channel': 'dw.com', 'text': 'Russia declares 40 German diplomatic mission staff \'persona non grata\'\n\nBlinken, Austin announce aid, diplomatic surge in visit to Kyiv\n\nFinland and Sweden reportedly to submit NATO applications jointly in mid-May\n\nMissiles reportedly hit five train stations in central and western Ukraine\n\nRussia announces ceasefire at Mariupol steel plant, Ukraine says no agreement made\n\nThese live updates are now closed. For our latest from April 26, click here\n\nMariupol authorities say new mass grave found\n\nVadym Boychenko, the mayor of the besieged city of Mariupol, said a new mass grave had been identified 10 kilometers (6 miles) north of the city.\n\nSeveral victims were located there, though authorities are trying to identify how many victims are in the unmarked graves.\n\nOver the past several days, satellite photos have shown what appear to be images of mass graves on the outskirts of the city.\n\nMariupol has been under siege for two months, with 100,000 civilians remaining trapped in the city. The remaining Ukrainian forces in the city are holding out in a sprawling steel factory. Ukrainian officials have been trying for weeks to secure the safe evacuation of civilians.\n\nShould Russian forces succeed in completely capturing Mariupol, they will have a land corridor to Crimea, which Russia seized in 2014.\n\nWatch video 04:24 Photos suggest mass graves outside Mariupol: DW\'s Mathias Bölinger\n\nRussian foreign minister warns \'real\' danger of third world war developing\n\nRussian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov told state television that NATO weapons deliveries mean that the alliance is "in essence" engaged in war with Russia through a proxy, adding that Western arms deliveries in Ukraine would be "legitimate targets" for Russian forces.\n\n"Storage facilities in western Ukraine have been targeted more than once [by Russian forces]. How can it be otherwise?" Lavrov said. "NATO, in essence, is engaged in a war with Russia through a proxy and is arming that proxy. War means war," he added.\n\nIn another interview late Monday, Lavrov vowed peace talks with Ukraine would continue even as he warned of a "real" danger of the conflict in Ukraine escalating into a third world war.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, you can\'t underestimate it," Lavrov told the Interfax news agency.\n\nThe foreign minister also told Russian state television that Moscow wants to reduce the chance of "artificially" elevating the risks of a nuclear conflict.\n\n"This is our key position on which we base everything. The risks now are considerable," Lavrov said.\n\nWhen asked if the current situation in Ukraine was comparable to the Cuban Missile Crisis in 1962, Lavrov said that "back then there were actually only a few rules, written rules."\n\nHowever, Lavrov said that during that time, there were "clear rules of conduct" and a channel of communication between the leaders of the US and Soviet Union that doesn\'t exist today.\n\nThe foreign minister also criticized Ukraine\'s approach to negotiations following Russia\'s invasion of the country on February 24. Lavrov accused Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky of "pretending" to negotiate.\n\nHe told Russian news agencies the content of peace talks would depend on the military situation and added, "Good will has its limits. But if it isn\'t reciprocal, that doesn\'t help the negotiation process."\n\n"We are continuing to engage in negotiations with the team delegated by Zelenskyy, and these contacts will go on," Lavrov said.\n\nUK defense minister promises armored vehicles with missile launchers\n\nUK Defense Minister Ben Wallace said the British government believes Russia has lost approximately 15,000 soldiers since Russian forces invaded Ukraine February 24. By contrast, Ukraine has claimed 22,000 Russian troops were killed since the invasion.\n\nRussia has acknowledged only 1,351 military deaths.\n\nAdditionally, Wallace said the UK believes Russia lost 60 jets and helicopters, 2,000 armored vehicles and 530 tanks, saying they were either destroyed or captured, some by Ukrainian tractors.\n\nUkraine has stated Russian losses of materiel at 181 fighter jets and 154 helicopters, 2,258 military vehicles and 884 tanks.\n\nWallace added Russia deployed 120 tactical battalion groups during the invasion of Ukraine, amounting to 65% of Russia\'s total infantry units. Wallace said at least 25% of Russia\'s ground forces are no longer combat ready.\n\nThe UK defense secretary said his country would soon send "a small number" of Stormer armored vehicles equipped with missile launchers.\n\nWatch video 03:55 Security expert: \'Sending arms is neither illegal nor unusual\'\n\nEuropean Commission President addresses Russia on India visit\n\nEuropean Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said in New Delhi that Russian aggression in Ukraine is a direct threat to European security.\n\nSpeaking at a geopolitical conference, von der Leyen said that Russia was: "Targeting and killing innocent civilians. Redrawing borders by force. Subjugating the will of a free people. This goes against core principles enshrined in the U.N. Charter."\n\nShe added that Russia\'s "unprovoked and unjustified aggression against Ukraine" would be a "strategic failure." She said the EU was "doing all we can to help Ukraine fight for its freedom."\n\nGermany wants to secure the grain supply from Ukraine by rail\n\nThe German government wants to use rail transport to arrange alternative means of exporting grain from Ukraine.\n\n"I am committed to ensuring that the 20 million tons of grain can be transported to avert a global food catastrophe," Michael Theurer, a Bundestag member with a role at the Transport Ministry, told the German business daily Handelsblatt.\n\nAccording to Theurer, talks were being held with the Ukrainian railways and other European railways — with Deutsche Bahn also set to play a role. Owing to the blockade of Ukrainian ports, it is not currently possible to export Ukrainian grain by sea.\n\nBoth Russia and Ukraine are among the most prolific exporters of wheat on the planet.\n\nOn April 23, Ukraine and Poland announced that they would create a joint logistics company to increase the volume of rail transportation of Ukrainian goods to the EU and world markets via Europe.\n\nRussia says Trans-Dniester hit with explosions\n\nRussian state-run media outlets are reporting explosions near a government building in the Trans-Dniester region of Moldova, where Russia backs its proxy forces who call themselves separatists.\n\nTrans-Dniester, also referred to as Transnistria in English, is a narrow strip of land on the east bank of the Dniester River, sandwiched between Ukraine and Moldova. The breakaway region seceded from Moldova after a brief military conflict in 1992 following the break up of the former Soviet Union.\n\nEarlier, Putin accused the West of "terror" while urging prosecutors to be tough after Russia accused "neo-Nazis" from Ukraine of attempting to assassinate numerous Russian state media personalities and bosses including presenter Vladimir Solovyev and state media head Margarita Simonyan.\n\nSweden and Finland agree to submit NATO applications\n\nFinnish newspaper Italehti reports Finland and Sweden have agreed to submit NATO applications at the same time during the week of May 16.\n\nSwedish paper Expressen writes that its sources confirm there is an agreement between the two countries.\n\nFinnish President Sauli Niinisto is scheduled to arrive in Stockholm in the middle of that week.\n\nBerlin says Russia\'s expulsion of diplomats \'not justified\'\n\nGermany Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock has condemned Russia\'s announcement that it will expel 40 German diplomatic staff.\n\nThe move by Moscow was said to by a symmetrical response to Germany\'s expulsion of the same number of staff from Russian diplomatic missions earlier this month.\n\nHowever, Baerbock said the Russian staff expelled from Germany had been spies, rather than diplomats.\n\n"We expected today\'s step, but it is in no way justified," Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock said in a statement.\n\nBaerbock said that the 40 Russian diplomats expelled by Berlin "did not serve diplomacy for a single day" while those who were expelled by Russia had "not done anything wrong."\n\nWatch video 02:42 Russia expels German diplomats: Leonie von Hammerstein reports\n\nRussia declares 40 German diplomats \'persona non grata\'\n\nRussia\'s Foreign Ministry says it has declared 40 employees of German diplomatic institutions in Russia "persona non grata."\n\nIn a statement, the ministry said it had summoned Germany\'s ambassador in Moscow and handed him a note. The ministry said it was "a symmetrical response" to the German government\'s decision to expel 40 Russian diplomats from Germany on April 4.\n\nMoscow\'s letter of protest said statements made at the time by Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock were unacceptable.\n\nBaerbock had spoken of "a significant number of members of the Russian embassy, undesirables who have worked every day here in Germany against our freedom, against the cohesion of our society."\n\nThe Russian Foreign Ministry said it also objected to "insinuations" Baerbock had made about events unfolding in Ukraine.\n\nAn assessment by the German news agency DPA said the number corresponded to about one-third of the German diplomatic corps in Russia.\n\nThe RIA news agency also reported that Russia\'s foreign ministry has said that unfriendly actions against Russians will not go unanswered. It cited the ministry as saying Moscow could seize assets held in Russia as a response.\n\nGreenpeace activists chained their boat to Russian tanker in Norway\n\nGreenpeace activists in Norway have chained their boat to a Russian oil tanker in protest oil imports from Russia.\n\nThe aim was to prevent the shipping of thousands of tons of oil to Norwegian ports, Greenpeace Norway said on its website.\n\nThe four activists, who held up banners with "Stop fuelling the war" and "Oil fuels war" from three small boats and kayaks, called on the Norwegian government to halt the import of Russian fossil fuels.\n\n"I\'m shocked that Norway is operating as a free port for Russian oil, when we know it is financing Russian President Vladimir Putin\'s war," Frode Pleym, Greenpeace\'s head in Norway, said.\n\nPleym is among the activists who chained their boat to the Russian tanker\'s anchor chain off the Oslofjord terminal.\n\nNorwegian police later said they had arrested 20 Greenpeace and Extinction Rebellion activists who blocked the Russian tanker.\n\nGreenpeace members, who had their boat chained to a Russian tanker, held the banners "Stop fuelling the war" and "Oil fuels war"\n\nEstonian PM urges Germany to act now, not later\n\nEstonian Prime Minister Kaja Kallas has told DW that her country expects Germany to show strong leadership and deter Russian aggression.\n\nThe comments come with the German government facing criticism over its reluctance to ban Russian oil and send heavy weapons such as tanks to Ukraine.\n\n"Our neighbors\' problems today are our problems tomorrow," said Kallas. "If we don\'t help our neighbors when their house is on fire, the fire will also catch your house."\n\nWatch video 02:33 Estonian PM Kaja Kallas: \'Our neighbor\'s problems today are our problems tomorrow\'\n\nKallas welcomed Germany\'s commitment to NATO\'s Article 5 on collective defense. However, she said tough decisions now could reduce the likelihood of an attack against the alliance further down the line.\n\n"Germany has said Article 5 is ironclad and Germany will come to help if necessary, but then it is also important for everybody, including Germany, to make those decisions so that we make NATO stronger — and there will be no need to come to any help at all."\n\n"Of course, gas or oil could be expensive, but freedom is really priceless," Kallas said, adding: "Strong sanctions, hitting hard, would be something that would maybe end this war."\n\nNo agreement with Russia on Mariupol corridor — Ukrainian deputy PM\n\nUkrainian Deputy Prime Minister Iryna Vereshchuk said that Kyiv had not reached any agreement with Moscow on establishing a humanitarian corridor out of the southeastern city of Mariupol.\n\nRussia said it would open a humanitarian corridor for civilians to leave the Azovstal steel plant in Mariupol.\n\n"It is important to understand that a humanitarian corridor opens by the agreement of both sides," Vereshchuk said on Telegram. "A corridor announced unilaterally does not provide security, and therefore is not a humanitarian corridor."\n\nHead of Ukrainian Railways: We keep running operations\n\nIn an interview with DW, Oleksandr Kamyshin, the chairman of the state-run Ukrainian Railways, said that five railway facilities in central and western Ukraine were significantly damaged on Monday after the numerous rocket strikes.\n\n"Today in the morning, the Russians shelled five stations. Some stations were shot twice. Some stations were shelled once and some missiles were blocked by Ukraine’s air defense system," he told DW.\n\nThe Russian troops "shelled stations, bridges, tracks and railway stations hundreds of times. And meanwhile, we suffer much. But we keep running operations," Kamyshin said.\n\nWatch video 04:43 Ukraine\'s rail chief: \'We suffer much, but we keep running operations\'\n\nAccording to Kamyshin, the railway maintains the "lifeline of the country," because the air space above Ukraine cannot be used because of the war. "We don\'t have airplanes. We have only cars and trains now," he said.\n\nThe still-operational rail links in the country have also come into political focus in recent weeks, with various foreign leaders using the trains to visit Kyiv and other parts of Ukraine.\n\n"All Western leaders who arrived to Ukraine, arrived by train. […] We call it Iron Diplomacy, and we will keep bringing more people to Kyiv. For us, it\'s important to give the opportunity to those leaders who want to show their support of Ukraine by visiting Kyiv, to travel to Kyiv safe, and travel back safe," Kamyshin said.\n\nWatch video 02:41 Courageous rail workers keep Ukraine running amid war\n\nBiden names new US ambassador to Ukraine\n\nPresident Joe Biden has named Bridget Brink as the new US ambassador to Ukraine, the White House said in a statement.\n\nBridget Brink currently represents the United States in Slovakia.\n\nBrink\'s nomination must be confirmed by the US Senate.\n\nEarlier on Monday, Secretary of State Antony Blinken said that US diplomats would begin to return to Ukraine starting next week.\n\nWatch video 02:08 US pledges more arms funding for Ukraine\n\nNo southern Ukraine secession referendum plans — Russian Foreign Ministry\n\nRussia\'s foreign ministry has denied claims that Moscow is planning a referendum on the secession of the southern Ukrainian region of Kherson.\n\n"I have not heard anything about that," deputy Foreign Minister Andrei Rudenko told journalists.\n\nRudenko also said that a face-to-face meeting between the Russian and Ukrainian foreign ministers was not planned at present. Moscow has accused Kyiv of dragging out negotiations and claims to have handed over proposals to Ukraine last week, which Kyiv has denied.\n\nUkrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on Friday accused Moscow of planning to "falsify" a referendum in parts of Ukraine\'s south that are under Russian control after Russia\'s Central Military District (CFD) command said that Moscow was planning to seize the region.\n\nWatch video 05:00 Demonstrations against Russian referendum plan in Kherson\n\n\'Right now I\'m talking to you from a bunker\' says DW correspondent\n\nDW correspondent Emmanuelle Chaze said that half of the $700 million in military assistance announced by the US will go directly to Kyiv, and half will go to NATO allies that have been supporting Ukraine.\n\nWatch video 03:21 Airstrikes near Lviv: DW\'s Jan-Philipp Scholz reports\n\nSpeaking from the western city of Liviv, Chaze added that $165 million worth of ammunition will be delivered to Ukraine.\n\nChaze said that the situation in Mariupol is "dire," adding that Ukrainian soldiers and hundreds of civilians are still trapped in the Azovstal steel plant in the city. She added that there would soon be water shortages in the area.\n\n"Right now, I\'m talking to you from a bunker because most of the country is on air strike alert," Chaze reported.\n\n"The offensive is continuing. Mariupol is still being shelled," Chaze said. "This is the everyday life here in Ukraine."\n\nWatch video 02:34 US pledges arms funding for Ukraine: DW\'s Emmanuelle Chaze reports from Lviv\n\nRussia investigates large oil depot fire in Bryansk region near Ukraine\n\nRussia said on Monday it would investigate the cause of a large fire that erupted in the early hours of the morning at an oil storage facility in the city of Bryansk 154 kilometers (96 miles) northeast of the border with Ukraine.\n\nAccording to Russia\'s Ministry of Emergency Situations, nobody was hurt in the incident.\n\nThe ministry said in a statement that the fire had broken out at a facility owned by oil pipeline company Transneft at 2 a.m. Moscow time (23:00 GMT).\n\nThere was no immediate comment from Ukraine, which has denied or not responded to previous suggestions that it has struck targets inside Russia.\n\nLast month, Russia said two Ukrainian helicopter gunships hit an oil reservoir in Russia\'s Belgorod region that borders Ukraine, causing a fire.\n\nTwo oil storage facilities on fire in the Russian city of Bryansk, just 150 kilometers from the Ukrainian border\n\nRussia announces ceasefire around Azovstal steel plant in Mariupol\n\nRussia\'s Defense Ministry said its troops would "unilaterally cease any hostilities" to allow civilians to leave the besieged steel plant Azovstal in Ukraine\'s port city of Mariupol. The ceasefire is set to begin at 2 p.m. Moscow time (1100 GMT) on Monday.\n\nThe ministry said any civilians trapped at the facility could leave in whichever direction they chose.\n\nOn April 21, Russian President Vladimir Putin said that he cancelled plans to storm the Azovstal plant in Mariupol. He said he wanted the plant to be securely blockaded instead.\n\nHowever, Ukrainian fighters at the Azovstal plant reported heavy shelling and Russian attacks in recent days.\n\nAzovstal is the last remaining pocket of Ukrainian resistance in the key port of Mariupol.\n\nGermany\'s Steinmeier meets Ukrainian Holocaust survivors\n\nGerman President Frank-Walter Steinmeier met with Ukrainian Holocaust survivors in Berlin and said that he hoped that refugees in Germany would feel safe from further attacks.\n\nSteinmeier met the survivors during a visit to a care facility in Berlin\'s eastern neighborhood of Marzahn.\n\nThe six Holocaust survivors told Steinmeier stories of their escape from Ukrainian cities, which in some cases lasted several days. The four women and two men were brought to Germany with the help of Jewish organizations.\n\nAccording to a spokesperson for the president\'s office, around 70 Holocaust survivors from Ukraine who are in need of serious care have so far been admitted in 11 German cities.\n\nGerman President Frank-Walter Steinmeier met with Holocaust survivors in Berlin who fled Russia\'s invasion of Ukraine\n\nRussia \'greeted\' Ukraine on Easter with missile strikes, Zelenskyy said\n\nIn a morning video address, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said Russia "greeted" Ukraine with missiles strikes over the weekend, when Orthodox Easter was celebrated. The majority of population in both Russia and Ukraine are Orthodox Christians.\n\n"Why was this blow needed at Easter? There is no military threat from which this could protect Russia. This is just a deliberate destruction of life in Ukraine. Destruction that did not stop even on the biggest Orthodox holiday," Zelenskyy said.\n\nThe Ukrainian president also spoke about yesterday\'s visit by top US officials. "Assistance to Ukraine was the number one issue in talks with representatives of the United States of America, Secretary of State Anthony Blinken and Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin," Zelenskyy said.\n\n"We share the same understanding with the United States: when democracy wins in one country, it wins all over the world. When freedom is defended in one country, it is defended all over the world," said the Ukrainian president.\n\nIn his address, Zelenskyy also mentioned the morning air raids in the Vinnytsia, Rivne, Lviv and Odesa regions. However, he did not provide any information on the rocket attacks reported at train stations in western Ukraine.\n\nUkraine reports deadly rocket attacks in central Vinnytsia region\n\nTwo towns in Ukraine\'s central Vinnytsia region came under fire on Monday, causing an unspecified number of deaths and injuries, according to local officials.\n\nThe cities of Zhmerynka and Koziatyn were struck by "rocket fire," local governor Serhiy Borzov said on Facebook. The attacks reportedly targeted "critical infrastructure" in the region, he said. Both cities are important railway junctions on the route from Kyiv to western Ukraine.\n\nBorzov also said the strikes caused deaths and injuries, but he did not give any numbers.\n\nRailway stations struck by missiles — Ukrainian railway chief\n\nFive train stations in central and western Ukraine have been hit by missile strikes, according to the head of the country\'s railways, Oleksandr Kamyshin.\n\n"Russian forces are systematically destroying the infrastructure of our railways," Kamyshin said on his Telegram channel.\n\nKamyshin added that trains are being forced to alter routes and schedules for security reasons.\n\nReports of missile attacks also emerged in the western city of Lviv and southwestern city of Vinnytsia.\n\nAccording to Maksym Kozytskyy, the governor of the western Lviv region, an explosion occurred on Monday morning at the traction substation of the Krasne railway station as a result of a missile strike.\n\nOne missile was destroyed by Ukrainian air defense. The missiles flew to western Ukraine from the southeast, Kozytskyy wrote on Twitter.\n\nHe added that the missiles were likely fired from Russian strategic aircraft. He had no information yet about possible victims.\n\nKyiv needs long-range fires and tanks — US Defense Secretary\n\nUS Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin said that the nature of the fight in Ukraine had changed and that Kyiv now needs long-range fires for both artillery and missiles, as well as tanks.\n\nAustin said that he and Blinken had discussed "security assistance" and "training" with Ukrainian officials. He said that the meeting was to talk about things that would "enable us to win the current fight and also build for tomorrow."\n\n"We want to see Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," Austin said.\n\nUS Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin spoke to reporters following a meeting with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy\n\nAustin is scheduled to go to the Ramstein US Air Base in western Germanyon Tuesday to speak with allies on how best to support Ukraine.\n\nThe Secretary of Defense said it is difficult for the US to track what happens to weapons transferred to Ukraine as there are no US forces on the ground, but added that he spoke to Kyiv to make sure weapons were tracked as best as possible.\n\nRussia \'failing\' in its war aims — Blinken\n\nUS Secretary of State Antony Blinken said in a press conference following a meeting with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy that Russia has been "failing" when it came to its war aims in Ukraine, while Kyiv is "succeeding."\n\n"Russia has sought as its principal aim to totally subjugate Ukraine," Blinken said. "That has failed."\n\nBlinken said that Russia\'s military was underperforming and its economy was "in shambles" due to sanctions and a mass "exodus" from the country.\n\nUS Secretary of State Antony Blinken flew to Poland before making a trip to Kyiv to discuss military assistance to Ukraine with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy.\n\n"A sovereign, independent Ukraine will be around a lot longer than Vladimir Putin\'s on the scene," Blinken said, adding that US support for Ukraine will continue until Kyiv sees "final success."\n\nBlinken said that Washington was committed to the return of American diplomats to Ukraine starting next week, and that US President Joe Biden intended to nominate a new ambassador to the country.\n\nAsked about his impression of the situation on the ground, US Secretary of State Antony Blinken said "things are beginning to get back to normal" in Kyiv, but noted that "that\'s in stark contrast to what\'s going on" in southern and eastern Ukraine.\n\nRussia has made minor advances in some areas — UK Defense Ministry\n\nBritain\'s defense ministry said in an intelligence update that Moscow has made minor advances in some areas since shifting its focus to Ukraine\'s eastern Donbas region.\n\nHowever, "Russia has yet to achieve a breakthrough" due to insufficient logistical and combat support, the ministry said.\n\nAccording to the intelligence update, Ukraine\'s defense of Mariupol has exhausted Russian units and reduced their combat effectiveness. The ministry added that the fact that Moscow chose not to attack the Azovstal steelworks means "Russian units remain fixed in the city and cannot be redeployed."\n\nMoscow claimed victory in the long-besieged southeastern Ukrainian city of Mariupol late last week, a claim Ukraine and its Western allies have disputed.\n\nBritish intelligence said that Russia\'s defense ministry has proposed compensation for the families of deceased serviceman be overseen by military rather than civilian officials. Britain\'s defense ministry believes this "reflects a desire to hide the true scale of Russia\'s losses from the domestic population."\n\nWatch video 01:57 Ukraine war: Russia\'s renewed ambitions in the east\n\nRussia increased military spending to $65.9 billion in 2021\n\nWorld military expenditure surpassed the $2 trillion mark (€1.8 trillion) for the first time in 2021, according to a report by the Stockholm International Peace Institute (SIPRI).\n\nThe report released on Monday shows Russia increased its military expenditure to $65.9 billion in 2021 to reach 4.1% of its GDP.\n\nIt was the third consecutive year of growth and Russia\'s military spending. Moscow was the fifth largest spender in the world, behind the United States, China, India and the United Kingdom.\n\nUkraine\'s military spending has risen by 72% since Russia\'s annexation of Crimea in 2014. It spent $5.9 billion, or 3.2% of the country\'s GDP, in 2021.\n\nTotal spending in Europe in 2021 amounted to $418 billion, 3% higher than in 2020 and 19% higher than in 2012. Many European countries have contributed substantial military aid to Ukraine since February 2022, and third-largest spender Germany boosted its military aid budget to €2 billion a little over a week ago.\n\nThe United States saw a drop in expenditure in 2021 due to a drop in American spending on research and development. The US is the largest supplier of military aid to Ukraine, having provided an additional $800 million in mid-April and another $322 million this Sunday.\n\nWatch video 02:24 US approves more military aid to Ukraine\n\nBlinken and Austin announce aid, diplomatic surge\n\nThe United States will provide Ukraine with $322 million in foreign military financing and has approved a $165 million sale of ammunition to the war-ravaged country.\n\nThe announcement came after US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin met Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Kyiv on Sunday.\n\nIt was the highest-level visit by an American delegation since the start of the war.\n\nThe US officials also pledged further assistance worth $713 million in foreign military financing for Ukraine and 15 allied and partner countries, with the $322 million earmarked specifically for Kyiv.\n\nThe new money brings the total amount of US military assistance to Ukraine to $3.7 billion since the invasion, officials said.\n\nThe two returned overland to Poland after their meeting. While Blinken was returning to Washington, Austin would head to Ramstein in Germany, for a meeting Tuesday of NATO defense ministers and other donor countries.\n\nWatch video 03:37 Zelenskyy hopes US Foreign and Defense Ministers bring promises of weapons: DW\'s Rebecca Ritter\n\nFire at Russian oil depot north of Ukrainian border\n\nA large fire was reported at an oil storage facility in the Russian city of Bryansk. The emergency services ministry told Russian news agencies it was a single large fire.\n\nIt was not immediately not clear how the fire started. Bryansk is located about 380 kilometers (236 miles) southwest of Moscow.\n\nThe city is the administrative center of the Bryansk region, which borders Ukraine.\n\nRussian officials on Thursday had said Ukrainian helicopters hit residential buildings and injured seven people in the Bryansk region.\n\nThere was no immediate indication the fire on Monday at the oil storage facility was related to the war in Ukraine.\n\nEU considering \'smart sanctions\' against Russian oil\n\nThe European Union is preparing "smart sanctions" against Russian oil imports, the UK newspaper The Times reported.\n\nQuoting the European Commission\'s executive vice president, Valdis Dombrovskis, the paper reported that the precise details of the oil sanctions had not yet been agreed but could include a gradual phasing-out of Russian oil or imposing tariffs on imports beyond a certain price cap.\n\n"We are working on a sixth sanctions package, and one of the issues we are considering is some form of an oil embargo. When we are imposing sanctions, we need to do so in a way that maximizes pressure on Russia while minimizing collateral damage on ourselves," Dombrovskis said.\n\nEurope spends around $450 million (€417 million) per day on Russian crude oil and refined products.\n\nAustralia, New Zealand show support for Ukraine at ANZAC Day commemorations\n\nThe leaders of Australia and New Zealand used their annual speeches on Anzac Day to show support for Ukraine.\n\nAnzac Day marks the anniversary of Australian and New Zealand soldiers landing on the Gallipoli Peninsula in 1915 during World War I but is now used to commemorate troops from all conflicts.\n\n"The invasion of Ukraine is a senseless act of war, one that is taking the lives of innocent people. It is a threat to the international laws that a nation like ours relies on — but it is also a threat to our sense of humanity. And that makes it a threat to all of us," New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern said\n\nNew Zealand was physically distanced from the conflict but "inextricably linked" to what it represented, Ardern added.\n\nAcross the Tasman sea, Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison paid tribute to the people of Ukraine, who are fighting a Russian invasion.\n\n"On this particular day, as we honor those who fought for our liberty and freedom, we stand with the people of Ukraine who do the same thing at this very moment," Morrison said.\n\nWatch video 03:34 US now clearly willing to provide Ukraine with what they need: military expert\n\nSummary of Sunday\'s events in Ukraine-Russia crisis\n\nUkrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy held talks with US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin in Kyiv. A senior Ukrainian official confirmed the meeting. Zelenskyy was expected to push Washington for more powerful weapons.\n\nRussia\'s forces sought to dislodge the last Ukrainian troops in the battered port of Mariupol. Ukraine\'s armed forces command wrote on Facebook that Russian forces were firing and performing "offensive operations" at the Azovstal steel plant.\n\nThe UN refugee agency said 5,186,744 Ukrainians have fled since the start of Russia\'s invasion, an increase of 23,058 on Saturday\'s figures.\n\nThe Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe has said it is "extremely concerned" after several of its Ukrainian members were believed to have been arrested in pro-Russian separatist territories in the country\'s east. In a tweet, the organization said it was using all available channels to facilitate their release.\n\nThe UK Ministry of Defense said Russia was planning a "staged referendum in the southern city of Kherson aimed at justifying its occupation." In 2014, Russia held a sham referendum in Crimea to retrospectively justify its annexation of the territory.\n\ndh, si, lo/sri,rs (AP, AFP, dpa, Reuters)', 'image': 'https://static.dw.com/image/61578306_6.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:42'}
{'title': 'U.S. promises new aid to Ukraine in fight against Russia | NPR', 'keywords': ['troops', 'ministry', 'kyiv', 'steel', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'russian', 'russia', 'forces', 'promises', 'fight', 'zelenskyy', 'aid'], 'polarity': 0.059, 'subjectivity': 0.238, 'link': 'https://www.kcrw.com/news/shows/npr/npr-story/1094588767', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:56', 'summary': 'Zelenskyy said it was a mistake for Guterres to visit Russia before Ukraine.\nFrance has played a leading role in international efforts to punish Russia with sanctions and is supplying weapons systems to Ukraine.\nFor the Donbas offensive, Russia has reassembled troops who fought around Kyiv and in northern Ukraine.\nThe British Ministry of Defense said Ukrainian forces had repelled numerous assaults in the past week and "inflicted significant cost on Russian forces."\nIts capture would deprive Ukraine of a vital port, free up Russian troops to fight elsewhere, and allow Moscow to establish a land corridor to the Crimean Peninsula, which it seized from Ukraine in 2014.', 'channel': 'kcrw.com', 'text': 'KYIV, Ukraine — Top American officials promised Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy hundreds of millions of dollars in new aid during the highest-level U.S. visit to Ukraine since the start of the Russian invasion two months earlier, while Britain said Monday that Moscow has yet to achieve a significant breakthrough in its offensive in the eastern industrial heartland of the country.\n\nIn meetings with Zelenskyy in Kyiv, U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken and U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin said the United States had approved a $165 million sale of ammunition for Ukraine\'s war effort, along with more than $300 million in foreign military financing.\n\nThe pledges came Sunday, the 60th day since the start of the invasion, as Ukraine pressed the West for more powerful weapons against Russia\'s campaign in the Donbas region of eastern Ukraine, where Moscow\'s forces sought to dislodge the last Ukrainian troops in the battered port of Mariupol.\n\nBritain\'s Ministry of Defense said Monday that Ukrainian troops holed up in a steel plant in the strategic city were tying down Russian forces, and keeping them from being added to the offensive elsewhere in the Donbas.\n\n"Many Russian units remain fixed in the city and cannot be redeployed," the ministry said in a statement posted on Twitter. "Ukraine\'s defense of Mariupol has also exhausted many Russian units and reduced their combat effectiveness."\n\nThe ministry added that, so far, Russia has only made "minor advances in some areas since shifting its focus to fully occupying the Donbas."\n\n"Without sufficient logistical and combat support enablers in place, Russia has yet to achieve a significant breakthrough," the ministry said.\n\nOn the diplomatic front, U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres was scheduled to travel to Turkey on Monday and then Moscow and Kyiv. Zelenskyy said it was a mistake for Guterres to visit Russia before Ukraine.\n\n"Why? To hand over signals from Russia? What should we look for?" Zelenskyy said Saturday. "There are no corpses scattered on the Kutuzovsky Prospect," he said, referring to one of Moscow\'s main avenues.\n\nIn a boost in support for Ukraine, French President Emmanuel Macron comfortably won a second term Sunday over far-right challenger Marine Le Pen, who had pledged to dilute France\'s ties with the European Union and NATO. Le Pen had also spoken out against EU sanctions on Russian energy and had faced scrutiny during the campaign over her previous friendliness with the Kremlin.\n\nMacron\'s victory was hailed by France\'s allies in the EU as a reassuring sign of stability and continued support for Ukraine. France has played a leading role in international efforts to punish Russia with sanctions and is supplying weapons systems to Ukraine.\n\n"We have a lot to do and the war in Ukraine reminds us that we are going through tragic times where France must make its voice heard," Macron told a cheering crowd in his victory speech.\n\nZelenskyy\'s meeting with U.S. officials, his first face-to-face talks with a top American official since a Feb. 19 meeting in Munich with Vice President Kamala Harris, took place as Ukrainians and Russians observed Orthodox Easter. Speaking from Kyiv\'s ancient St. Sophia Cathedral, Zelenskyy, who is Jewish, highlighted its significance to a nation wracked by nearly two months of war.\n\n"The great holiday today gives us great hope and unwavering faith that light will overcome darkness, good will overcome evil, life will overcome death, and therefore Ukraine will surely win!" he said.\n\nTo Ukraine\'s north on the Russian side of the border, a fire erupted early Monday at an oil depot, but no immediate cause was given for the blaze in oil storage tanks.\n\nNASA satellites that track fires showed something burning at coordinates that corresponded to a Rosneft facility some 110 kilometers (70 miles) north of the Ukrainian border. Moscow previously has blamed Ukraine for attacks on the Russian region of Bryansk, which borders Ukraine.\n\nSince failing to capture Kyiv, the Russians have aimed to gain full control over the Donbas, the eastern industrial heartland, where Moscow-backed separatists controlled some territory before the war.\n\nFor the Donbas offensive, Russia has reassembled troops who fought around Kyiv and in northern Ukraine. The British Ministry of Defense said Ukrainian forces had repelled numerous assaults in the past week and "inflicted significant cost on Russian forces."\n\nIn the south of the Donbas, in the strategic port city of Mariupol, a small pocket of Ukrainian troops continues to hold out against Russian forces in the Azovstal steel factory, a sprawling facility on the waterfront.\n\nMariupol has endured fierce fighting since the start of the war because of its location on the Sea of Azov. Its capture would deprive Ukraine of a vital port, free up Russian troops to fight elsewhere, and allow Moscow to establish a land corridor to the Crimean Peninsula, which it seized from Ukraine in 2014.\n\nOver the weekend, Russian forces launched fresh airstrikes on the steel plant in an attempt to dislodge the estimated 2,000 fighters inside. An estimated 1,000 civilians are also sheltering in the building.\n\nNew satellite images by Planet Labs PBC, taken Sunday, show destroyed buildings across the steelworks and smoke rising from one part of the facility. Roofs have gaping holes; a soccer field is cratered from incoming fire.\n\nMore than 100,000 people — down from a prewar population of about 430,000 — are believed to remain in Mariupol with scant food, water or heat. Ukrainian authorities estimate more than 20,000 civilians have been killed. Recent satellite images showed what appeared to be mass graves to the west and east of Mariupol.\n\nChildren in an underground bunker were seen receiving Easter presents in a video released Sunday by the far-right Azov Battalion, which is among the Ukrainian forces at the steel plant in Mariupol. The group\'s deputy commander, Sviatoslav Palamar, said the video was shot at the plant.\n\nOne toddler is seen wearing homemade diapers made of cellophane and people are seen hanging laundry on makeshift hangers.\n\n"Please help us," one woman in the video said through tears, appealing to world leaders. "We want to live in our city, in our country. We are tired of these bombings, constant air strikes on our land. How much longer will this continue?"', 'image': 'https://media.npr.org/assets/img/2022/04/25/ap22114227388546_wide-9eb963956154c6aee1f3126351ab260ec33daaef.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:56'}
{'title': "Russia-Ukraine war: Moscow warns UK of ‘proportional response' if it continues ‘provoking' Ukraine to attack - live", 'keywords': ['proportional', 'military', 'told', 'response', 'gas', 'ukrainian', 'provoking', 'security', 'warns', 'russiaukraine', 'uk', 'ago', 'russian', 'russias'], 'polarity': 0.0084, 'subjectivity': 0.2422, 'link': 'https://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2022/apr/26/russia-ukraine-war-ukraine-foreign-minister-says-moscow-senses-defeat-us-set-to-host-talks-in-germany-on-arming-kyiv-live', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:45', 'summary': "From 8h ago 15.51 Russia warns Britain of immediate 'proportional response' for 'provoking' Ukraine to attack Russia’s defence ministry has warned of an immediate “proportional response” if Britain continues its “direct provocation” of Ukraine to strike targets in Russia, Reuters reports.\nUpdated at 22.51 BST2h ago 21.56 Russia’s gas company Gazprom is also halting gas deliveries to Bulgaria, AFP reported.\nThe US has given the Ukrainian military detailed intelligence and the location of Russian bomb strikes, giving Ukrainian forces time to react before the bombs hit.\nTold about consequences of russia's military aggression.\nWe know who they are.” Ukraine has accused the Russian military of executing civilians in Bucha that Russian troops occupied for several weeks before withdrawing.", 'channel': 'theguardian.com', 'text': 'From 8h ago 15.51 Russia warns Britain of immediate \'proportional response\' for \'provoking\' Ukraine to attack Russia’s defence ministry has warned of an immediate “proportional response” if Britain continues its “direct provocation” of Ukraine to strike targets in Russia, Reuters reports.\n\nThe ministry cited statements from the UK’s armed forces minister, James Heappey, that said Britain backs Ukrainian troops carrying out strikes in Russian territory. Speaking earlier today, Heappey said it was “not necessarily a problem” if Ukraine uses weapons donated by Britain. Russia’s defence ministry said: We would like to underline that London’s direct provocation of the Kiev regime into such actions, if such actions are carried out, will immediately lead to our proportional response. As we have warned, the Russian Armed Forces are in round-the-clock readiness to launch retaliatory strikes with high-precision long-range weapons at decision-making centers in Kyiv. The ministry added that if such Russian strikes were made, it would not necessarily be a problem if representatives of a certain Western country were located at those “decision-making centres” in Kyiv.\n\n\n\n13m ago 23.45 The UN General Assembly took a first step to put the five permanent members of the Security Council under a global spotlight on Tuesday when they use their veto power, a move highlighted by Russia’s veto and threat of future vetoes that has paralysed any action by the UN’s most powerful body on the Ukraine war, the Associated Press is reporting. The resolution does not eliminate or limit the veto power of the permanent members - the United States, Russia, China, Britain and France. But for the first time it will require the General Assembly “to hold a debate on the situation” that sparks a veto in the Security Council within 10 working days, and to give precedence on the list of speakers to the permanent member who cast the veto. The assembly isn’t required to take or consider any action, but the discussion could put veto-wielders on the spot and let a raft of other countries be heard. Liechtenstein’s UN ambassador, Christian Wenaweser, who spearheaded the resolution, has said it aims “to promote the voice of all of us who are not veto-holders, and who are not on the Security Council, on matters of international peace and security because they affect all of us.” Presenting the resolution to the assembly on Tuesday morning, Wenaweser alluded to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and the Security Council’s failure to take action saying: “There has never been a stronger need for effective multilateralism than today, and there has never been a stronger need for innovation in order to secure the central role and voice of the United Nations.”\n\n\n\n42m ago 23.17 Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelenskiy believes Russia is trying to destabilise the situation in the Transnistrian region, while Ukrainian armed forces are ready for a possible escalation by Russian troops in the temporarily occupied territory of the Republic of Moldova. Answering journalists’ questions after a meeting with IAEA director general Rafael Mariano Grossi in Kyiv, Zelenskiy said that he fully shares the assessment of the situation by Moldovan President Maia Sandu. Zelenskiy also said that he discussed that issue with Romanian Prime Minister Nicolae Ciucă who was in Kyiv on Tuesday. We clearly understand that this is one of the steps of the Russian Federation. The special services are working there. It’s not just about fake news. The goal is obvious - to destabilise the situation in the region, to threaten Moldova. They show that if Moldova supports Ukraine, there will be certain steps.” According to Zelenskiy, Ukraine knows that the Russian troops, which have been present in the territory of the temporarily occupied part of Moldova - Transnistria for many years, are in “constant readiness”. “But we understand their capabilities, the Armed Forces of Ukraine are ready for this and are not afraid of them,” he added.\n\nUpdated at 23.21 BST\n\n1h ago 22.54 Britain’s Foreign Minister Elizabeth Truss is expected to call on allies of Ukraine to “ramp up” military production including of planes and tanks, the AFP is reporting after reviewing a preview of a speech to be delivered on Wednesday. In her speech, called the new approach, Truss says the UK’s new approach “will be based on three areas: military strength, economic security and deeper global alliances”. “We cannot be complacent - the fate of Ukraine remains in the balance,” her speech reads. Russia’s victory will have “terrible consequences across the globe”, Truss is expected to say. “We must be prepared for the long haul and double down on our support for Ukraine. “Heavy weapons, tanks, aeroplanes – digging deep into our inventories, ramping up production. We need to do all of this.” “There must be nowhere for Putin to go to fund this appalling war,” her speech continues. “The architecture that was designed to guarantee peace and prosperity has failed Ukraine.” “We must also follow through on the unity shown in this crisis to reboot, recast and remodel our approach to deterring aggressors.” Truss will also call for “free nations” to be “more assertive and self-confident”, according to AFP.\n\nUpdated at 23.00 BST\n\n1h ago 22.31 A senior US defense official told reporters on Tuesday that the Department of Defense established a control center in Germany to assist in the distribution of US military aid to Ukraine, CNN is reporting. The control center, called the EUCOM Control Center of Ukraine or ECCU is based within the US European Command area of responsibility in Stuttgart, Germany. It’s run by a two-star military general and works with the international donor coordination center or IDCC.\n\n\n\n2h ago 22.18 White House press secretary Jen Psaki said while the US doesn’t expect to encounter any food shortages as a result of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, the administration is working to “bolster food security around the globe” both independently and with allies. "We are not expecting a food shortage here at home, but we are acting to bolster food security around the globe both unilaterally and in conjunction with allies and partners," given shortages due to Russia\'s war on Ukraine, @PressSec says. pic.twitter.com/g3rlBdh23Z — Jennifer Jacobs (@JenniferJJacobs) April 26, 2022 On Monday, US Deputy Ambassador Richard M Mills told the UN security council that the war in Ukraine may cause food shortages in Palestine. “Due to President Putin’s unprovoked aggression against Ukraine, food insecurity could worsen even further in the coming weeks, both in Gaza and the West Bank as prices of food, fuel and other commodities rise,” Mills told the UNSC. “We encourage all member states to provide concrete assistance, including financial contributions to UNRWA, to help meet the needs of vulnerable Palestinians,” he continued.\n\nUpdated at 22.51 BST\n\n2h ago 21.56 Russia’s gas company Gazprom is also halting gas deliveries to Bulgaria, AFP reported. In addition to Poland, Gazprom has announced that it would stop delivering gas to Bulgaria after demanding that countries pay for gas in rubles. Gazprom executives were quoted by Russian news agencies as saying “Poland must pay for gas supplies according to the new payment procedure”. However, it was not immediately clear whether Bulgaria has refused to pay in rubles as well. “Bulgargaz received a notification today, April 26, that natural gas supplies from Gazprom Export will be suspended starting April 27,” Bulgaria’s economy ministry said in a statement. More from AFP: Bulgaria’s energy ministry also said Tuesday that its state-owned gas operators Bulgargaz and Bulgartransgaz “have undertaken steps for alternative agreements for natural gas deliveries and for coping with the current situation”. “At present, there is no need for (imposing) any restrictive measures on consumption,” it added. Bulgaria is almost completely dependent on Russia for its annual consumption of about 3.0 billion cubic metres of gas. The Balkan nation receives only small amounts from Azerbaijan that it hopes to increase after completing a key pipe link to neighbouring Greece later this year.\n\n\n\n2h ago 21.32 Bulgarian Prime Minister Kiril Petkov will be visiting Kyiv this week in an attempt to address opposition from Bulgaria’s pro-Russian groups to the proposition to send Ukraine military aid, AFP is reporting. Petkov and representatives of all of the parties in the ruling coalition except for the Socialists expect to be in Kyiv on Thursday. More context from AFP: Petkov invited his coalition partners to accompany him to Kyiv in a bid to overcome the pro-Russia Socialists’ opposition to providing military aid to Ukraine, as the party threatened to topple the cabinet if such a decision were approved.\n\n“I hope that... everyone will take a step back and will consider how important Bulgaria’s stability is and how important this is for the Ukrainians,” Petkov, who favours giving military aid, told Nova television in an interview last Friday. But the Socialists decided earlier Tuesday not to send a representative in the delegation, with their leader Kornelia Ninova telling BNT television the visit was “pointless” and “would hardly change our position” against arms donations. Bulgaria has remained one of the last hold-outs in the EU in turning down Ukraine’s requests for direct military aid. This remained the case even after Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba made a three-day visit to Sofia last week, urging the country “to make a choice” and provide military support. The Balkan country, which traditionally has close ties with Russia, is a big manufacturer of Soviet-era ammunition, anti-tank missiles and light arms.\n\nUpdated at 21.33 BST\n\n3h ago 21.17 Johana Bhuiyan here taking over from my colleague, Lauren. Vladimir Putin agrees “in principle” to the UN and the International Committee for the Red Cross on evacuating civilians from a steel plant in the besieged city of Mariupol, Reuters is reporting. The steel plant, Azovstal, is where the last Ukrainian forces who were defending Mariupol are hunkered down. The discussions about the involvement of the two entities were held in a meeting between Putin and UN secretary-general Antonio Guterres in Moscow on Tuesday. “Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defence Ministry,” UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after the meeting. More from Reuters: Earlier on Tuesday, Putin told Turkish President Tayyip Erdogan that there were no military operations underway in Mariupol and that Kyiv should “take responsibility” for the people holed up in the Azovstal steel plant. Ukraine on Monday appealed for the United Nations and the ICRC to be involved in the evacuation of civilians from Azovstal. Guterres is expected to meet with Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskiy in Kyiv on Thursday. During a news conference with Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov, Guterres said he has proposed a “Humanitarian Contact Group” of Russia, Ukraine and UN officials “to look for opportunities for the opening of safe corridors, with local cessations of hostilities, and to guarantee that they are actually effective”.\n\nUpdated at 21.44 BST\n\n3h ago 20.59 Ned Price, spokesperson for the US state department, said in a press conference today that the US Embassy team in Ukraine travelled from Poland to Lviv today. On Sunday, during his meeting with Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelenskiy, state secretary Antony Blinken said that the US plans to bolster diplomatic presence in Ukraine. The Deputy Chief of Mission for the US Embassy in Ukraine and members of the Embassy team traveled to Lviv today, @StateDeptSpox confirms. “Today\'s travel was a first step ahead of more regular travel in the immediate future,” he says, noting it was temporary for now. — Jennifer Hansler (@jmhansler) April 26, 2022\n\nUpdated at 21.41 BST\n\n3h ago 20.39 Boris Johnson said that Facebook has agreed to take down a video of Aiden Aslin, a British prisoner of war being held in Donetsk by Russian forces. The video is believed to be Russian propaganda, and shows Aslin being accused of serving as a mercenary. Aslin was captured while fighting in Mariupol. He and Shaun Pinner, another British soldier, surrendered once they ran out of supplies and ammunition. Friends and family of the two men have been speaking out about concerns over their condition in captivity. Facebook had initially refused to remove the video, despite appeals from Aslin’s family. Johnson told TalkTV that culture secretary Nadine Dorries personally reached out to Nick Clegg, former deputy prime minister, who currently serves as president for global affairs at Facebook, about the video. Facebook then agreed to remove the video. Boris Johnson tells The News Desk that Facebook has agreed to take down a video of Ukraine prisoner of war Aiden Aslin after his mother made an appeal on TalkTV yesterday evening.@tnewtondunn | @BorisJohnson | #TalkTVpic.twitter.com/1oIYgbdu8a — TalkTV (@TalkTV) April 26, 2022\n\nUpdated at 20.59 BST\n\n4h ago 20.23 A new report from NBC News reveals the extent to which US intelligence has been assisting Ukrainian forces. The US has given the Ukrainian military detailed intelligence and the location of Russian bomb strikes, giving Ukrainian forces time to react before the bombs hit. Here’s more from NBC News: As Russia launched its invasion, the US gave Ukrainian forces detailed intelligence about exactly when and where Russian missiles and bombs were intended to strike, prompting Ukraine to move air defenses and aircraft out of harm’s way, current and former US officials told NBC News. That near real-time intelligence-sharing also paved the way for Ukraine to shoot down a Russian transport plane carrying hundreds of troops in the early days of the war, the officials say, helping repel a Russian assault on a key airport near Kyiv. It was part of what American officials call a massive and unprecedented intelligence-sharing operation with a non-NATO partner that they say has played a crucial role in Ukraine’s success to date against the larger and better-equipped Russian military. The details about the air defenses and the transport plane, which have not previously been reported, underscore why, two months into the war, officials assess that intelligence from US spy agencies and the Pentagon has been an important factor in helping Ukraine thwart Russia’s effort to seize most of the country. “From the get-go, we leaned pretty heavily forward in sharing both strategic and actionable intelligence with Ukraine,” a US official briefed on the matter told NBC News. “It’s been impactful both at a tactical and strategic level. There are examples where you could tell a pretty clear story that this made a major difference.” In a statement, a spokesperson for the White House National Security Council said, “We are regularly providing detailed, timely intelligence to the Ukrainians on the battlefield to help them defend their country against Russian aggression and will continue to do so.”\n\nUpdated at 20.59 BST\n\n4h ago 19.31 This is Lauren Aratani taking over for Léonie Chao-Fong. Ukrainian officials met with the Romanian prime minister Nicolae Ciuca and speaker Marcel Ciolacu today, Ukrainian prime minister Denys Shmyhal tweeted. Met with 🇷🇴 PM @NicolaeCiuca & Speaker @CiolacuMarcel. Told about consequences of russia\'s military aggression. Discussed 🇺🇦\'s current needs for victory & fast recovery. Grateful for medical and humanitarian support of 🇺🇦 & constant help to Ukrainians. Let\'s stop russia together! pic.twitter.com/nltPyzSPf5 — Denys Shmyhal (@Denys_Shmyhal) April 26, 2022 Earlier today, a missile hit a strategic bridge between the two countries that connected the Odesa region across the Dniester estuary.\n\n\n\n5h ago 19.13 Pjotr Sauer The Guardian’s Russia affairs correspondent Pjotr Sauer reports: Russian president Vladimir Putin told the UN secretary-general, António Guterres on Tuesday evening that peace talks with Ukraine are continuing via a video link and that he hopes they would bring “some positive outcome”. Putin, separated from Guterres by a long table, also repeated his earlier claims that Moscow was not involved in the alleged atrocities that took place in Bucha earlier this month. “Russia was faced with provocation in Bucha, something the Russian side had nothing to do with,” Putin said during the meeting in the Kremlin. “Russian forces had no connections to Bucha. We know who did it. We know who prepared this provocation, the means they used. We know who they are.” Ukraine has accused the Russian military of executing civilians in Bucha that Russian troops occupied for several weeks before withdrawing. Putin further blamed Ukraine for stalling the negotiation process, saying he would not sign a security guarantee agreement with Ukraine without the territorial questions of Crimea and Donbas being resolved. “Nevertheless, talks are ongoing, and they are going in an online format,” Putin said “I hope this will lead us to some positive outcome.” The Russian leader also said that there were currently “no direct military operations” going on around the besieged Azovstal steelworks. “It is simple really … The military operations have ended there. They have stopped. Part of the armed forces of Ukraine who were deployed in other industrial areas have surrendered. Almost 1,300 people,” Putin said. “Yes we hear there are civilians there, the Ukrainian army must release them or they are acting as terrorists like Isis in Syria.”\n\nUpdated at 19.41 BST\n\n5h ago 18.59 Russia to halt gas supply to Poland, government told Daniel Boffey Poland’s government has been told that the country’s gas supply from Russia will stop from Wednesday following Warsaw’s refusal to pay its supplier, Gazprom, in roubles. The decision to stop supply at 8am CET had also followed Poland’s announcement earlier on Tuesday that it was imposing sanctions on 50 entities and individuals including Russia’s biggest gas company. In a hastily arranged press conference, Polish ministers said they had sufficient supplies of gas to weather the interruption but accused Gazprom of a breach of contract. Poland has been pushing the EU and other western allies to go further in punishing the Kremlin for its invasion of Ukraine. PGNiG, Poland’s largest gas supplier, has said it would file a breach of contract lawsuit.\n\n', 'image': 'https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/2d9a0109116137e08f263d606ebd1967c945be55/0_397_6720_4032/master/6720.jpg?width=1200&height=630&quality=85&auto=format&fit=crop&overlay-align=bottom%2Cleft&overlay-width=100p&overlay-base64=L2ltZy9zdGF0aWMvb3ZlcmxheXMvdGctbGl2ZS5wbmc&enable=upscale&s=4fa2caefd5eb158723f67cf4182b20b7', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:45'}
{'title': 'Poland and Romania ask to be punished with Russian Caliber missiles', 'keywords': ['kiev', 'ask', 'missiles', 'ukraine', 'logistics', 'punished', 'arms', 'russia', 'weapons', 'caliber', 'territory', 'countries', 'romania', 'military', 'nato', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0424, 'subjectivity': 0.2434, 'link': 'https://english.pravda.ru/world/151458-poland_romania/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:36', 'summary': 'Poland and Romania are the first to ask for it.\nEvery time when they sell weapons to Ukraine, European countries fear that they will become a party to military action and "Putin\'s wrath".\nHungarian Foreign Minister Péter Szijjártó said during a visit to Kosovo that Hungary had no plans to supply lethal weapons to Ukraine.\n"By supplying weapons, Germany and other NATO countries have de facto made themselves a party to the war.\nPoland is next on the list - this country serves as a transit point for all arms shipments from Western countries to Ukraine.', 'channel': 'english.pravda.ru', 'text': 'Poland and Romania are first candidates for Calibre missile strikes\n\nHaving acknowledged the legitimacy of Ukraine\'s strikes against military facilities on the Russian territory, London has justified air strikes against logistics chains in a number of NATO countries that supply arms to Kiev. Poland and Romania are the first to ask for it.\n\nJames Heappey, UK\'s Under-Secretary of State for the Armed Forces, told Times Radio that Ukraine had a legal right to strike military facilities on the Russian territory to disrupt the logistics of the Russian Armed Forces.\n\nIt is “completely legitimate for Ukraine to be targeting in Russia’s depth in order to disrupt the logistics that if they weren’t disrupted would directly contribute to death and carnage on Ukrainian soil," Heappey said.\n\nCommenting on this statement, Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said that in order to disrupt military logistics, Russia could strike military targets on the territory of a number of NATO countries that supply arms to the Kiev regime.\n\n"Do we have the right understanding here? After all, it directly leads to deaths and bloodshed on Ukrainian territory. As far as I understand, Britain is one of those countries," Zakharova clarified in her Telegram channel.\n\nEvery time when they sell weapons to Ukraine, European countries fear that they will become a party to military action and "Putin\'s wrath". The head of the German Foreign Office, Annalena Baerbock, expressed her concerns on he matter.\n\n"We at the government are united in saying that we will not become a party to the conflict," she said during a press conference on April 20.\n\nHungary shares a different point of view. Hungarian Foreign Minister Péter Szijjártó said during a visit to Kosovo that Hungary had no plans to supply lethal weapons to Ukraine. In addition, Hungary does not allow their transit to Kiev, as they "could become targets to hostile military actions".\n\n"We are not getting involved in this war," the minister explained.\n\nIncidentally, a group of German public figures wrote an open letter to German Chancellor Olaf Scholz calling for arms shipments to Ukraine to end, as this "drags Germany into war".\n\n"By supplying weapons, Germany and other NATO countries have de facto made themselves a party to the war. Ukraine has thus become a battleground in a conflict between NATO and Russia over security rules in Europe that has been escalating for years," the letter claims.\n\nPrimary targets for Caliber missiles\n\nActive suppliers of lethal weapons to Nazi Kiev regime are:\n\nCzech Republic,\n\nPoland,\n\nSlovenia,\n\nTurkey,\n\nGermany,\n\nUSA.\n\nMany do so unofficially, e.g. Bulgaria.\n\nRussian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said that negotiations on Ukraine were unlikely to be effective if Kiev continues to receive arms shipments from other countries. In the United States, CNN sources describe arms supplies to Ukraine as an investment in neutralising Russia\'s army and navy for a decade to come. Pentagon chief Lloyd Austin\'s recent statements about his intention to "weaken Russia" through military aid to Ukraine are a cynical reminder of NATO being an aggressive organisation that targets Russia in the first place.\n\nWhere can Russia strike western logistics and military facilities?\n\nThis could be Romania in the first place. Romania may now invade Transnistria to save its Moldovan brothers there.\n\nPoland is next on the list - this country serves as a transit point for all arms shipments from Western countries to Ukraine.\n\nThese countries will not survive a Caliber missile attack either physically or mentally. It would indeed be a prelude to Third World War, but US allies would be the first to lose it as they misbehave.', 'image': 'https://english.pravda.ru/image/preview/article//4/5/8/151458_soc.jpeg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:36'}
{'title': 'Almaty Resident Who Fought Against Ukrainian Troops In Donbas Gets Life For Murdering Five People', 'keywords': ['gets', 'troops', 'fought', 'war', 'civilians', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'donbas', 'ukraine', 'meeting', 'russia', 'resident', 'united', 'told', 'life', 'russian', 'murdering'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/kazakhstan-almaty-duzhnov-guilty-murder/31822148.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:05', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there.\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/9de4621f-ae8c-4e2b-a935-4a2de61f47c2_cx0_cy18_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:05'}
{'title': 'Belarusian Rights Activists Go On Trial Seen As Politically Motivated', 'keywords': ['war', 'civilians', 'putin', 'politically', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'seen', 'meeting', 'told', 'russia', 'rights', 'united', 'belarusian', 'motivated', 'activists', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/belarus-vyasna-rabkova-trial/31820502.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:36', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/36528D29-C3B1-4F3B-83BB-91F76D288F72_cx0_cy31_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:36'}
{'title': 'Ethnic Kalmyk Founder Of Clothing Brand Flees Russia Amid Threats', 'keywords': ['war', 'civilians', 'putin', 'founder', 'ukrainian', 'amid', 'ukraine', 'clothing', 'meeting', 'ethnic', 'united', 'told', 'threats', 'flees'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/kalmyk-nonrussian-brand-xenophobia/31820307.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:24', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nThey have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/01e90000-0aff-0242-faa9-08da25cb2776_cx0_cy10_cw0_w1200_r1.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:24'}
{'title': 'First Leader Of Independent Belarus, Stanislau Shushkevich, In Intensive Care', 'keywords': ['war', 'civilians', 'belarus', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'stanislau', 'meeting', 'russia', 'leader', 'independent', 'told', 'russian', 'united'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/belarus-shushkevich-intensive-care/31821748.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:50', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/F1298B4A-D480-4C63-BB25-09D127102BD5_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:50'}
{'title': 'Gazprom Informs Bulgaria, Poland Of Plans To Suspend Gas Deliveries', 'keywords': ['war', 'suspend', 'civilians', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'russian', 'meeting', 'bulgaria', 'informs', 'plans', 'told', 'deliveries', 'united'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/poland-russia-gas-cut-gazprom/31822386.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:21', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/2ED3AF50-E135-48F8-B1B5-2BFEDB2AE3E1_cx0_cy2_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:21'}
{'title': "Kazakh Minister Sees No Problem With Russian Motorcycle Producer's Plan To Move Due To Sanctions", 'keywords': ['producers', 'war', 'civilians', 'kazakh', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'minister', 'ukraine', 'meeting', 'told', 'russia', 'sees', 'plan', 'problem', 'russian', 'united'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/kazkahstan-ural-motorcycles-relocation-sanctions/31822050.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:53', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\nBut he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/C3D0CE0C-AFDB-4100-9BFE-AE0E2A49004B_w1200_r1.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:53'}
{'title': 'Kazakh President Steps Down As Ruling Party Chairman', 'keywords': ['steps', 'president', 'war', 'civilians', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'meeting', 'russia', 'united', 'told', 'chairman', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/kazakhstan-toqaev-ruling-party/31821817.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:42', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/08810000-0a00-0242-5ee2-08d9d19e8c5e_cx0_cy4_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:42'}
{'title': "Moldova's President Says Transdniester Attacks Are An Attempt To Escalate Tensions", 'keywords': ['war', 'moldovas', 'president', 'civilians', 'putin', 'tensions', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'attempt', 'meeting', 'told', 'russia', 'attacks', 'escalate', 'russian', 'united'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/moldova-transdniester-radio-blasts/31821443.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:28', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/c3750000-0aff-0242-bed6-08d9f0834c26_cx0_cy6_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:28'}
{'title': "Moscow Courts Fine Meta, TikTok For Failing To Delete 'Illegal' Content", 'keywords': ['told', 'war', 'failing', 'ukrainian', 'delete', 'tiktok', 'moscow', 'content', 'courts', 'united', 'russian', 'illegal', 'civilians', 'putin', 'ukraine', 'meeting'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/russia-fines-meta-facebook-instagram/31821728.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:19', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/027a0000-0aff-0242-872d-08da0c2d2297_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:19'}
{'title': 'New Probe Into 2005 Death Of Kazakh Opposition Leader Rejected', 'keywords': ['war', 'civilians', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'opposition', '2005', 'death', 'meeting', 'russia', 'probe', 'leader', 'rejected', 'told', 'russian', 'united'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/kazakhstan-nurqadilov-investigation-denied/31820631.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:30', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/D5E6F247-8CCF-41B1-8E83-4F946E881520_cx0_cy4_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:30'}
{'title': 'Pussy Riot Member Added To Wanted List After Sentence Changed To Prison Term', 'keywords': ['told', 'list', 'war', 'term', 'ukrainian', 'sentence', 'member', 'russia', 'united', 'russian', 'civilians', 'putin', 'ukraine', 'prison', 'added', 'meeting', 'changed'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/pussy-riot-alyokhina-wanted/31821712.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:42', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/a9cf8913-1eec-4c72-a4db-e3e0b0ca3c98_cx0_cy2_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:42'}
{'title': 'Putin Tells Guterres He Still Has Hope For Negotiated Agreement With Ukraine', 'keywords': ['guterres', 'war', 'putin', 'civilians', 'ukrainian', 'meeting', 'negotiated', 'told', 'agreement', 'hope', 'tells', 'united'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/ukraine-kreminna-russian-losses/31821314.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:55', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/024c0000-0aff-0242-4a49-08da27b6f8cd_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:55'}
{'title': 'Rights Group Urges Russia To Allow Civilians Out Of Mariupol, Calls On UN To Do More', 'keywords': ['calls', 'urges', 'war', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'russian', 'russia', 'meeting', 'group', 'rights', 'united', 'told', 'allow'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/mariupol-hrw-civilians-un/31821477.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:03', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nHe also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/024c0000-0aff-0242-1d9e-08da27486f6e_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:03'}
{'title': 'Russia Expels 40 German Diplomats In Tit-For-Tat Move', 'keywords': ['40', 'war', 'civilians', 'putin', 'titfortat', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'russian', 'meeting', 'united', 'told', 'diplomats'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/russia-expels-german-diplomats/31820355.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:31', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nHe also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\nThey have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/084a0000-0aff-0242-b9e9-08d9dfd1dec4_cx0_cy5_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:31'}
{'title': "UN Chief Again Calls For Ukraine Cease-Fire, Meets With Russia's Lavrov", 'keywords': ['russias', 'chief', 'calls', 'war', 'civilians', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'meeting', 'lavrov', 'united', 'meets', 'told', 'ceasefire', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/russia-guterres-lavrov-putin/31821762.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:51', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/024f0000-0aff-0242-2919-08da27725df0_cx0_cy3_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:51'}
{'title': "Ukraine Says Targeting Of Separatists' Building In Transdniester Was Provocation By Russia", 'keywords': ['building', 'war', 'civilians', 'putin', 'targeting', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'russia', 'meeting', 'united', 'separatists', 'told', 'provocation', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0033, 'subjectivity': 0.2481, 'link': 'https://www.rferl.org/a/transdniester-tiraspol-security-attack/31820545.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:51', 'summary': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month.\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity.\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."', 'channel': 'rferl.org', 'text': 'Russian President Vladimir Putin told visiting UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres that he still hopes for negotiations to end the conflict in Ukraine.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track," Putin told Guterres in televised remarks after their meeting at the Kremlin on April 26.\n\nPutin noted that Russian and Ukrainian negotiators made what he described as a “serious breakthrough” in their talks in Istanbul last month. But he said that efforts had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian Army had nothing to do with," Putin said.\n\nPutin also agreed "in principle" to UN and Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal plant in Ukraine\'s Mariupol, the United Nations said in a statement.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defense Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said in a statement after Putin’s meeting with Guterres.\n\nRecent attempts to set up humanitarian corridors for the evacuation of civilians have failed.\n\nDuring the meeting, Guterres criticized Russia’s military action in Ukraine as a flagrant violation of its neighbor’s territorial integrity. He also urged Russia to allow the evacuation of civilians trapped in the steel mill.\n\nPutin responded by claiming that the Russian forces had offered humanitarian corridors but said the Ukrainian defenders of the plant were using civilians as shields and not allowing them to leave.\n\nBefore meeting the Russian president, Guterres had earlier talked with Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and told him he was concerned about reports of possible war crimes in Ukraine and that independent investigations are needed.\n\nHe also said that the United Nations was ready to fully mobilize the world body\'s resources to save lives and evacuate people from the besieged Ukrainian city of Mariupol.\n\n\n\nThe sprawling steel complex at Azovstal has remained the last bulwark of Ukrainian resistance the strategic port on the Sea of Azov .\n\nUkrainian officials have said that up to 1,000 civilians have sheltered in the maze of underground tunnels there. They have repeatedly urged Russia to offer them a safe exit, but previous attempts at organizing evacuations have failed repeatedly.\n\nMeanwhile, as Russian forces pounded eastern Ukraine on April 26, U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin promised to “keep moving heaven and earth” to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive.\n\nU.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken said Putin has shown no seriousness about diplomacy to end the war despite a series of international efforts.\n\n"We\'ve seen no sign to date that President Putin is serious about meaningful negotiations," Blinken told the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on April 26.\n\nHe noted that in talks with Russia ahead of the February 24 invasion it became clear that Putin\'s complaints about Ukraine entering NATO were only a pretext for the invasion.\n\n"It is abundantly clear -- in President Putin\'s own words -- that this was never about Ukraine being potentially part of NATO and it was always about his belief that Ukraine does not deserve to be a sovereign, independent country," Blinken said.\n\nLive Briefing: Russia\'s Invasion Of Ukraine RFE/RL\'s Live Briefing gives you all of the major developments on Russia\'s invasion, how Kyiv is fighting back, the plight of civilians, and Western reaction. For all of RFE/RL\'s coverage of the war, click here.\n\nFighting continued on April 26 in eastern Ukraine, where the city of Kreminna in the Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to the Russians.\n\nStreet-to-street fighting had been going on for days in Kreminna, with civilian evacuations there made impossible by the war, the British Ministry of Defense said on Twitter on April 26.\n\nThe British report said heavy fighting was under way in the south of the city of Izyum, as Russian forces try to advance toward the cities of Slovyansk and Kramatorsk in the Donetsk region.\n\n"Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in Zaporizhzhya in preparation for a potential Russian attack from the south," it added in the regular bulletin, also saying that Russian troops were likely to attempt to encircle Ukrainian Army\'s heavily fortified positions in the east.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that more help for Ukraine was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the U.S. Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks .He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting “with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine’s near-term security requirements because we’re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them.”\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said in a press conference that the forum would continue as a monthly contact group that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\n"The contact group will be a vehicle for nations of goodwill to intensify our efforts, coordinate our assistance, and focus on winning today\'s fight and the struggles to come," Austin said.\n\nAustin also praised a decision by Germany, which said it had cleared the way for the delivery of Gepard antiaircraft guns to Ukraine.\n\nAustin -- who visited Ukraine with Blinken over the weekend and announced an extra $700 million in military aid to Ukraine -- said Washington wants to see "Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," adding that Kyiv can still win the war if given the right support.\n\nThe United States has sent some $4 billion in military aid since President Joe Biden\'s term began last year, and already announced a new $800 million aid package last week.\n\nLavrov said late on April 25 that Western arms shipments to Ukraine mean that NATO is essentially engaging in war with Russia through a proxy and arming that proxy, and weapons delivered to Ukraine from the West will be "legitimate targets" for the Russian military.\n\nLavrov also warned of the threat of a third world war and said there was a "considerable" risk of the conflict escalating to nuclear weapons.\n\n"The danger is serious, it is real, it must not be underestimated," Lavrov said.\n\nBut Ukrainian Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba said Lavrov\'s comments are meant to just "scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\nEarlier, Russia\'s ambassador in Washington told the United States to halt arms shipments, warning that large Western deliveries of weapons were inflaming the conflict.\n\nWith reporting by AP, AFP, BBC, and Reuters', 'image': 'https://gdb.rferl.org/02130000-0aff-0242-c1f7-08da26d15f1b_cx0_cy77_cw0_w1200_r1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:51'}
{'title': 'Ukraine: Zelenskyy meets Blinken, Austin in Kyiv, says Ukrainian official - as it happened', 'keywords': ['war', 'president', 'kyiv', 'zelenskyy', 'blinken', 'russia', 'easter', 'defense', 'orthodox', 'meets', 'russian', 'military'], 'polarity': 0.0316, 'subjectivity': 0.2548, 'link': 'https://www.dw.com/en/ukraine-zelenskyy-meets-blinken-austin-in-kyiv-says-ukrainian-official-as-it-happened/a-61571371?maca=en-rss-en-eu-2092-rdf', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:13', 'summary': "Zelenskyy meets Blinken, Austin in Kyiv, says Ukraine officialAn adviser to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said Sunday night that US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin were meeting with the Ukrainian leader in Kyiv.\nEarlier on Sunday, Ukraine also called for a truce as both Russia and Ukraine mark Orthodox Easter this Sunday.\nIn addition to young people, doctors were being targeted in the Kherson, Zaporizhzhia, and Kharkiv regions, Ukrainian military officials wrote on Facebook.\nAuthorities cautioned residents about the potential for increased Russian military activity during holiday celebrations.\nTwo Russian generals have been killed near Kherson, the Ukrainian Defense Ministry's intelligence directorate has said.", 'channel': 'dw.com', 'text': 'Kyiv calls on Russia to declare \'Easter truce\' in Mariupol\n\nRussia says it hit arms depots near Kharkiv\n\nUkraine wants equipment to operate its nuclear power plants — IAEA\n\nRussian forces attempting to storm Azovstal plant in Mariupol\n\nThis live updates article is now closed. For our latest coverage on Monday, follow our live updates here.\n\nUK says Russia is planning \'referendum\' in Kherson\n\nThe UK Ministry of Defense said Russia was planning a "staged referendum in the southern city of Kherson aimed at justifying its occupation."\n\nIt follows a similar assessment by Ukraine earlier in the week that warned Russia was planning sham referendums to take control of occupied territories in the south of the country.\n\nIn 2014, Russia held a sham referendum in Crimea to retrospectively justify its annexation of the territory.\n\nRussia could use the referendum to declare a so-called Kherson people\'s republic similar to the self-declared republics in Luhansk and Donetsk.\n\nBritish military intelligence highlighted the fact that Russia\'s own domestic elections have been beset by allegations of vote-rigging and have seen high-profile opposition politicians blocked from running.\n\nZelenskyy meets Blinken, Austin in Kyiv, says Ukraine official\n\nAn adviser to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said Sunday night that US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin were meeting with the Ukrainian leader in Kyiv.\n\nThe adviser, Oleksiy Arestovych, said in an interview on Ukrainian TV late Sunday that the talks are going on "right now."\n\nThe trip by two of President Joe Biden\'s top cabinet members was kept closely under wraps. The White House has not confirmed any visit. The State Department and Pentagon declined to comment.\n\nZelenskyy earlier said he was "expecting specific things and specific weapons" from world leaders who come to the country. He said he would ask Blinken and Austin for more powerful weapons during their talks.\n\nNo humanitarian routes out of Mariupol on Sunday\n\nIryna Vereshchuk, Ukraine\'s Deputy Prime Minister, said that no humanitarian routes were established to bring civilians and the wounded out of Mariupol on Sunday.\n\nVereshchuk blamed Russian forces for continuing their siege on the southern port city that has faced weeks of bombardment.\n\nThe Ukrainian side would try again on Monday, Vereshchuk said. She called on UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres to demand a ceasefire "if he is preparing to talk about peace" ahead of his travels to Moscow and then Kyiv next week.\n\nUN: Almost 5.2 million Ukrainian refugees since war started\n\nThe UN refugee agency said 5,186,744 Ukrainians have fled since the start of Russia\'s invasion, an increase of 23,058 on Saturday\'s figures.\n\nIn April so far, more than 1,151,000 Ukrainians have fled their country compared with 3.4 million during the month of March.\n\nUN High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi wrote on Twitter that this Orthodox Easter "will be another day of fear, anguish, loss and separation from loved ones, as war continues to rage without mercy."\n\nThe International Organization of Migration (IOM) estimates that more than 7.7 million people are internally displaced within Ukraine.\n\nLuhansk governor says shelling kills civilians\n\nSerhiy Gaidai, the regional governor of Luhansk, said several civilians were killed by Russian shelling on Orthodox Easter Sunday.\n\nIn a video address to mark the holiday, Gaidai said, "Today, once again, civilians have died. Our compatriots. The (Russians) do not hold anything sacred."\n\nRussian forces attempting to storm Azovstal plant in Mariupol\n\nUkrainian presidential adviser Oleksiy Arestovych has said Sunday Russian forces are again attempting to storm the Azovstal steel plant in Mariupol where Ukrainian forces and civilians are sheltering following a weeks-long siege of the southern port city.\n\nOn Facebook, Arestovych wrote, "Russian troops are trying to finish off the defenders of Azovstal and more than 1,000 civilians who are hiding at the plant."\n\nRussian troops have surrounded the plant since early March. On Saturday, Ukrainian officials issued similar warnings and said Russian forces were laying siege to the plant.\n\nPope Francis appeals for truce again\n\nThe blue and yellow Ukrainian flag flew among those gathered on St. Peter\'s Square in the Vatican this Orthodox Easter weekend as Pope Francis appealed again for a truce in Ukraine.\n\nHe called for an easing of "the suffering of exhausted people."\n\nFrancis added that, "Instead of halting, the war has become worse."\n\nEchoing the calls of senior Ukrainian government officials, Francis said, "I renew the appeal for an Easter truce, the smallest tangible sign of a willingness for peace."\n\nRussia\'s US envoy says consulates\' bank accounts closed\n\nRussian ambassador Anatoly Antonov said Sunday that the work of Russian diplomatic missions in the US was essentially "blockaded" by US government entities.\n\n"Accounts of our two consulates in Houston and New York have been closed by Bank of America," Antonov was quoted as saying by the RIA news agency.\n\nHe also said Russian diplomatic sites were receiving threats via telephone and in the mail.\n\nOSCE says members captured in Donetsk and Luhansk\n\nThe Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) said it is "extremely concerned" about the detention of several members of its monitoring mission in the eastern part of the country.\n\nIn a brief tweet, the Vienna-based organization said several of its mission members "have been deprived of their liberty in Donetsk and Luhansk" and that OSCE was "using all available channels to facilitate their release."\n\nAn OSCE spokesperson failed to provide specifics such as how many Ukrainian nationals involved in the monitoring mission had been detained or when or who may be holding them. Several OSCE observers have been killed or injured since the monitoring mission in eastern Ukraine began eight years ago.\n\nRussia recently vetoed extending the mission. It is one of 57 participating member states that form the OSCE.\n\nUN says fighting in Mariupol should stop \'right now\'\n\n"The lives of tens of thousands, including women, children and older people, are at stake in Mariupol," the UN\'s coordinator for the Ukraine crisis, Amin Awad, warned.\n\n"We need a pause in fighting right now to save lives," he said in a statement. "They must be allowed to safely evacuate now, today. Tomorrow could be too late."\n\nRussia claims to control the entirety of the port city save for a steelworks plant where several thousands of Ukrainian fighters are holed up. Earlier on Sunday, Ukraine also called for a truce as both Russia and Ukraine mark Orthodox Easter this Sunday.\n\nMoscow blocks leading chess site\n\nChess.com, one of the most popular chess websites in the world, is now inaccessible in Russia. According to the Interfax news agency, the country\'s media supervisor Roskomnadzor has blocked two of its pages with information about the war in Ukraine.\n\nRussian prosecutors demanded the move on Saturday. As the site uses https network protocol, barring the access to those pages has reportedly caused the entire site to be inaccessible in Russia.\n\nPreviously, Russian grandmaster Sergei Karjakin had called for the pages with information about what Russia calls its "special military operations" in Ukraine to be blocked.\n\nRussia claims it struck arms depots in the Kharkiv region\n\nThe Russian Ministry of Defense said Sunday that it had struck nine Ukrainian military targets overnight.\n\nIncluded among those targets were four arms depots in the Kharkiv region where artillery is stored and a facility producing military grade explosives in Dnipropetrovsk.\n\nWatch video 02:39 A village in Ukraine marks Good Friday in wartime\n\nUkrainian negotiator calls for a \'real Easter truce\'\n\nMykhailo Podoliak, the senior Ukrainian negotiator and presidential advisor, urged a "real Easter truce" as both Ukraine and Russia mark Orthodox Easter.\n\nOn Twitter, Podoliak also urged a humanitarian corridor out of the besieged southeastern port city of Mariupol.\n\n"Russia is continuously attacking the Mariupol Azovstal. The place where our civilians and military are located, is shelled with heavy air bombs and artillery."\n\nPodoliak urged Russia to "think of the remnants of its reputation."\n\nUkraine says Russia deployed Iskander-M missile launchers near border\n\nRussia has moved Iskander-M missile launchers to sites within 60 kilometers (40 miles) of Ukraine\'s border, said the General Staff of Ukraine\'s Armed Forces.\n\nThe mobile ballistic Iskander system has a range of up to 500 kilometers and is armed with two guided missiles capable of carrying both conventional and nuclear warheads.\n\n"The enemy has increased the number of troops in (Russia\'s) Belgorod region by transferring and concentrating additional units," Ukraine\'s Armed Forces said in their daily morning update.\n\nWatch video 03:24 Missile attack on Odesa during Orthodox Easter\n\nZelenskyy hopes for \'eternal harmony\' following peace in Ukraine\n\nIn his message for Orthodox Easter, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that the holiday is a reminder that "light wins over darkness," therefore "Ukraine must win!"\n\nZelenskyy said Ukrainians were praying for a day of "great peace" in Ukraine which would bring "eternal harmony and prosperity."\n\nThe politician recorded the video message at the Cathedral of St. Sophia in Kyiv where "a thousand years ago, on the field of the holy battle, the army of Kievan Rus-Ukraine defeated the [medival Turkic nations of] Pechenegs," Zelenskyy noted.\n\nBoth Russia and Ukraine trace their countries\' origins to the medieval state of Kievan Rus. The Kremlin has argued that because of this, Ukraine\'s national identity is virtually identical to Russia\'s; Kyiv strongly objects.\n\nMeanwhile, Patriarch Bartholomew, the spiritual leader of the world\'s Eastern Orthodox Christians, called from Istanbul for humanitarian corridors to be opened in Ukraine where he said "an indescribable human tragedy is unfolding."\n\n"We call once again for an immediate end to the fratricidal war, which, like any war, undermines human dignity," Bartholomew added.\n\nSwitzerland impedes German arms deliveries: report\n\nSwitzerland has blocked the re-export from Germany to Ukraine of Swiss-produced ammunition used in German-made Marder infantry fighting vehicles, according to the Swiss newspaper SonntagsZeitung.\n\nThe move by Switzerland, which maintains a neutral status, has held up arms deliveries by Germany at a time when Berlin is already under fire for failing to supply Ukraine with heavy weapons to help fight off Russia\'s invasion of the country.\n\nSwitzerland has gone against previous practice and adopted EU sanctions aimed at punishing Russia for its invasion, but has insisted its neutrality does not allow it to send arms to conflict zones. Swiss officials have previously rejected Poland\'s request for the Alpine state to send arms to Ukraine.\n\nThe Marder vehicles are made by German arms manufacturer Rheinmetall but use Swiss-manufactured ammunition.\n\nUK says Russian troops suffer from poor morale\n\nRussia has made "some territorial gains" since starting the ongoing offensive in the east of the country, according to UK military intelligence. At the same time, UK officials said that Ukraine provided strong resistance and inflicted significant losses on the Russian forces.\n\n"Poor Russian morale and limited time to reconstitute, re-equip and reorganize forces from prior offensives are likely hindering Russian combat effectiveness," they said on Twitter.\n\nUkraine governor says Russian attacks killed 8 in Luhansk\n\nRussian shelling killed eight people and injured two more in Luhansk in eastern Ukraine, according to governor Serhiy Gaidai. The Ukrainian official two more people were seriously injured, and no less than eight buildings were destroyed in the region, which is partially controlled by pro-Russian rebels.\n\nThe numbers could not be independently verified.\n\nWatch video 02:39 North of Kyiv, battle of Teterivske demonstrates \'imprecise\' Russian military style\n\nGermany reportedly to buy Chinook heavy transport helicopters\n\nGermany would buy 60 CH-47F Chinook heavy transport helicopters from Boeing worth around €5 billion ($5.4 billion), Bild am Sonntag newspaper reported, citing government sources.\n\nDeliveries would begin after 2025-2026, and the helicopters are said to replace the aging CH-53G Stallion rotorcraft.\n\nThe paper said the project will be funded from the €100 billion fund Chancellor Olaf Scholz announced in February to modernize the military.\n\nThe paper said Defense Minister Christine Lambrecht would inform the parliament of the decision next week, but a spokesperson for the ministry said no decision on helicopter purchases had been made yet.\n\nOpposition leader calls for German foreign and security policy review\n\nThe leader of Germany\'s opposition Christian Democratic Union (CDU), Friedrich Merz, has called for a review of German foreign and security policies over the past two decades.\n\n"The entire German foreign and security policies of the past 20 years are in ruins. When this war is over, we must carefully analyze how this happened," he told newspaper Bild am Sonntag.\n\nHe did not spare his own party, saying "serious failures" were made on defense over the past two decades.\n\n"Looking back, we must, unfortunately, say that all defense ministers of the past 20 years made wrong decisions about materiel and the condition of troops," Merz said.\n\nWatch video 04:21 Are Ukrainian forces getting everything they need?\n\nFrom the end of 2005 to the end of 2021, the CDU and its sister party, the CSU, held the Ministry of Defense.\n\nGerman Chancellor Olaf Scholz announced a plan to beef up the German military in February, pledging a special package of €100 billion ($112.7 billion) to boost the strength of the country\'s armed forces.\n\nHe also vowed to increase Germany’s annual defense spending to 2% of the nation’s GDP, in line with NATO demands.\n\nUN Chief to stop in Turkey before visits to Russia and Ukraine\n\nUnited Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres will visit Turkey on Monday before heading to Russia to meet President Vladimir Putin and then to Ukraine for talks with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, the UN said in a statement.\n\nIn the Turkish capital Ankara, Guterres will meet President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.\n\nTurkey has been trying to negotiate an end to the conflict, so far without success.\n\nOn Tuesday, Guterres will meet Putin in Moscow, followed by a trip Thursday to Kyiv in an effort to mediate an end to the war in Ukraine.\n\nZelenskyy criticized Guterres\'s decision to head to Moscow before Kyiv, saying there is "no justice and no logic in this order."\n\n"The war is in Ukraine, there are no bodies in the streets of Moscow. It would be logical to go first to Ukraine, to see the people there, the consequences of the occupation," Zelenskyy said.\n\nUkraine blames Russian troops for forcibly recruiting civilians\n\nUkraine has accused Russian troops of forcibly recruiting civilians in occupied regions of eastern Ukraine.\n\nIn addition to young people, doctors were being targeted in the Kherson, Zaporizhzhia, and Kharkiv regions, Ukrainian military officials wrote on Facebook.\n\nThe UK\'s Ministry of Defense also noted similar conscription practices in the Russian-occupied Donbas and Crimea.\n\n"Any enlistment of Ukrainian civilians into the Russian armed forces, even if presented by Russia as being voluntary or military service in accordance with Russian law, would constitute a violation of Article 51 of the Fourth Geneva Convention," the UK Ministry of Defense wrote on Twitter.\n\nIAEA to provide Ukraine with equipment to keep nuclear plants running\n\nUkraine has asked the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) for the equipment it needs to operate nuclear power plants during the war with Russia.\n\nThe agency says it includes radiation measurement devices, protective material, computer-related assistance, power supply systems, and diesel generators.\n\n"We will coordinate the implementation of the assistance that the IAEA and its member states will provide, including by delivering required equipment directly to Ukraine\'s nuclear sites," IAEA Director General Rafael Grossi said.\n\nUkraine has 15 operational reactors at four plants.\n\nGrossi was due to visit the decommissioned Chernobyl plant next week, on the anniversary of the 1986 disaster there.\n\nPutin in church as Ukrainians told to stay home\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin attended an Easter mass conducted by the Russian Orthodox Church in Moscow.\n\nThe church has strongly backed the Kremlin leader\'s invasion of Ukraine.\n\nPutin did not speak during the service.\n\nPatriarch Kirill said he hoped the conflict in Ukraine would end quickly but did not condemn it.\n\nHis previous statements backing Russia\'s invasion have splintered the worldwide Orthodox Church.\n\nOn Sunday, many Ukrainians will observe Easter, but they were told to attend service virtually as authorities there have announced a nationwide curfew.\n\nWatch video 05:00 Germany: Russian monks help Ukrainians, despite Russian Orthodox Church support for war\n\nZelenksyy to meet Blinken and Austin in Kyiv\n\nUkrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy is expecting US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin to visit Kyiv on Sunday.\n\nIt would be the highest-level visit by an American delegation since the start of the war two months ago.\n\nZelenskyy had high hopes for the encounter, saying Ukraine was expecting more weapons to counter the Russian invasion. The White House, State Department, and Pentagon declined to comment.\n\nSummary of Saturday\'s events in Ukraine-Russia crisis\n\nA Russian strike killed at least eight people, including a baby, and wounded several others in Ukraine\'s Black Sea city of Odesa, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said.\n\nSpeaking to the media, Zelenskyy said his country\'s army was not ready to launch a military operation to restore access to the besieged city of Mariupol. Ukraine says Russia resumed its assault on the last Ukrainian defenders holed up in a giant steelworks in the city, days after Moscow declared victory in the port city.\n\nUkrainian officials announced a nationwide curfew ahead of Easter Sunday. Authorities cautioned residents about the potential for increased Russian military activity during holiday celebrations.\n\nTwo Russian generals have been killed near Kherson, the Ukrainian Defense Ministry\'s intelligence directorate has said. Defense Intelligence reported the deaths on Facebook, adding that another general had been heavily injured and evacuated.\n\nFormer German Chancellor Gerhard Schröder has told the New York Times that he believes Russian President Vladimir Putin will not cut the supply of gas to Germany.\n\nSchröder stressed that Putin is interested in ending the war with Ukraine, but added that ending the war won\'t be easy. He did not elaborate.\n\nar, lo/dj, sri (AFP, AP, dpa, Reuters)', 'image': 'https://static.dw.com/image/61571387_6.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:13'}
{'title': 'Ukraine: UN chief calls for cease-fire in visit to Moscow - live updates', 'keywords': ['guterres', 'chief', 'war', 'visit', 'president', 'putin', 'ukrainian', 'minister', 'russian', 'russia', 'defense', 'ceasefire'], 'polarity': 0.0118, 'subjectivity': 0.2554, 'link': 'https://www.dw.com/en/ukraine-un-chief-calls-for-cease-fire-in-visit-to-moscow-live-updates/a-61590982?maca=en-rss-en-eu-2092-rdf', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:19', 'summary': 'Guterres is expected to meet with Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Kyiv on Thursday.\nRussian President Vladimir Putin has demanded that "unfriendly" countries open accounts at Gazprombank to convert euro or dollar payments into rubles.\nUkrainian troops to train on German soil — Defense MinisterGerman Defense Minister Christine Lambrecht said Ukrainian troops will be trained on German soil.\nThe attendees will include NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg and German Defense Minister Christine Lambrecht.\nAustin and US Secretary of State Antony Blinken spoke with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on Sunday and pledged additional military assistance to Kyiv.', 'channel': 'dw.com', 'text': 'US hosts defense talks on arming Ukraine\n\nGermany to supply Ukraine with anti-aircraft tanks\n\nUN head Guterres urges for ceasefire in Moscow visit\n\nRussia\'s Lavrov says NATO \'in essence\' engaged in proxy war with Russia\n\nZelenskyy says Russia \'won\'t win\' the war in Ukraine\n\nThis article was last updated at 20:54 GMT/UTC\n\nPutin tells UN, Red Cross he is open to evacuating civilians from Mariupol\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin agreed "in principle" to United Nations and the International Committee for the Red Cross involvement in the evacuation of civilians from the Azovstal steel plant in Mariupol, the UN said.\n\nPutin made the concession to UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres during their meeting in Moscow.\n\n"Follow-on discussions will be had with the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Russian Defence Ministry," UN spokesman Stephane Dujarric said after the meeting.\n\nUkraine\'s remaining forces in Mariupol and some civilians were holding out in the steel plant and were surrounded by Russian forces.\n\nUkraine on Monday appealed for the UN and Red Cross to be involved in the evacuation of civilians from Azovstal.\n\nGuterres is expected to meet with Ukraine President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Kyiv on Thursday.\n\nPoland and Bulgaria cut off from Russian gas\n\nRussia\'s Gazprom has informed both Bulgaria and Poland that it will cut off gas exports on Wednesday, according to Bulgarian and Polish officials.\n\nThe two countries will be the first to be cut off from Russian gas since Moscow invaded Ukraine.\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin has demanded that "unfriendly" countries open accounts at Gazprombank to convert euro or dollar payments into rubles.\n\nPoland has refused to comply with the new scheme and said it will not extend the contract.\n\nThe Polish government says gas supplies will not be affected, as it can source gas via two links with Germany, an upcoming link with Lithuania and via an interconnector with the Czech Republic.\n\nLater on Tuesday, Gazprom told Bulgaria\'s state gas company Bulgargaz that it would cease gas supplies.\n\nThe Bulgarian government said it would not lead to gas restrictions, as it has found alternative arrangements for the supply of natural gas.\n\nGermany\'s network regulator said it was monitoring the situation and that "the security of supply in Germany is currently guaranteed."\n\nBVB Dortmund and Dynamo Kyiv play friendly match\n\nGerman Bundesliga club Borussia Dortmund has raised €400,000 ($426,000) for Ukraine in a friendly match with Ukraine\'s top club Dynamo Kyiv. Kyiv won 3-2 in a charity match played in front of about 35,000 fans. All proceeds will go to victims of the Russian invasion of Ukraine.\n\n"It is about sending a signal, a sign of solidarity with Ukraine, earning a bit of money so that we can do one or the other humanitarian action. And then it is also a sign against this despicable war of aggression," Dortmund managing director Hans-Joachim Watzke told broadcasters ZDF.\n\nKyiv has played similar fund-raising matches in Warsaw, Istanbul and Cluj.\n\nPutin claims he hopes for diplomatic agreement\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin has met with United Nations Secretary General Antonio Guterres in Moscow. In televised remarks, he told Guterres that he still hoped for negotiations to end the conflict.\n\n"Despite the fact that the military operation is ongoing, we still hope that we will be able to reach agreements on the diplomatic track. We are negotiating, we do not reject [talks]," Putin told Guterres, who was visiting Moscow.\n\nHe said talks with Ukraine had been derailed by claims of atrocities committed by Russian forces in the town of Bucha outside Kyiv. He claimed without evidence, that the massacres in Bucha were not carried out by Russians.\n\n"There was a provocation in the village of Bucha, which the Russian army had nothing to do with," Putin said. "We know who prepared this provocation, by what means, and what kind of people worked on it."\n\nGuterres reiterated his call for Ukraine and Russia to work together with the UN to set up aid and evacuation corridors to help civilians in Ukraine.\n\nThe broadcast discussions showed Guterres and Putin sitting opposite each other at the large oval table in the hall of the Senate Palace, following an hour-long meeting in the Kremlin. Guterres earlier met with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov where he called for a ceasefire.\n\nItaly considers nationalizing Lukoil-owned refinery\n\nItaly is reportedly considering temporarily nationalizing a refinery owned by Lukoil — a Russian multinational energy corporation — as a response to possible sanctions on Russian oil.\n\nLukoil, which is not the subject of sanctions, owns the ISAB refinery — Italy\'s largest oil refinery by capacity. It used to buy 30%-40% of its crude oil from Russia, with the remainder coming from international markets. Since the Russian invasion, it has been unable to obtain international credit, and has been sourcing almost all its crude oil from Russia.\n\nReuters news agency, citing two government sources, said Industry Minister Giancario Gieorgetti is planning to raise the prospect of nationalization when the Italian cabinet meets on Thursday.\n\nEuropean leaders are debating whether to impose an embargo on Russian oil.\n\nGermany \'very close\' to abandoning Russian oil\n\nThe German economy minister, Robert Habeck says the country is very close to completely halting imports of Russian oil.\n\nHabeck said Germany has cut oil import dependency from 35% to 12% in eight weeks.\n\n"Today I can say that an embargo is now more in reach for Germany. In the coming days and weeks, we will continue to expand this independence and rapidly move away from fossil fuels. But as I said, what a few weeks ago seemed a very large problem for Germany has shrunk considerably, so that German independence from Russian oil is now very very close."\n\nHabeck was speaking in Warsaw after talks with Polish Climate Minister Anna Moskwa.\n\nUS Defense Secretary addresses reporters at Ramstein\n\nThe US has convened more than 20 nations at the Ramstein Air Base in Germany on behalf of Ukraine\'s defense. Speaking at the event, Lloyd Austin, the US Secretary of Defense, told reporters that "we have to move at the speed of war."\n\nAustin said the US was determined to make better use of the US European Command\'s coordination mechanism and would extend the forum for Ukraine\'s defense into a monthly contact group.\n\n"We do want to make it harder for Russia to threaten its neighbors and make it less able to do that," Austin said.\n\nAustin went on to express sharp criticism of Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, who warned on Monday that World War III might be looming.\n\n"You\'ve heard us say a number of times that that kind of rhetoric is very dangerous and unhelpful," Austin said. "Nobody wants to see a nuclear war happen. Dangerous rhetoric is clearly unhelpful. And something that we won\'t engage in," he added.\n\nUkraine concerned by destabilization in Trans-Dniester\n\nUkraine says it is concerned by attempts to worsen the security situation in Moldova\'s pro-Russian breakaway province of Trans-Dniester.\n\nMykhaylo Podolyak, a Ukraine presidential aide said in a post on Twitter: "Russia wants to destabilize the Transnistrian region and hints Moldova should wait for \'guests,\'" wrote on Twitter.\n\n"Bad news: if Ukraine falls tomorrow Russian troops will be at Chisinau\'s gates," Podolyak said, referring Moldova\'s capital. "Good news: Ukraine will definitely ensure strategic security of the region. But we need to work as a team," Podolyak added.\n\nIt comes after several apparent attacks in the region. In the past day, attacks have reportedly targeted a military unit, the state security headquarters and an old Soviet-era radio antennae.\n\nThe head of the breakaway province, also known as Transnistria or Transdniestra in English, claimed that the apparent attacks could be traced back to Ukraine.\n\n"I assume that those who organized this attack have the purpose of dragging Transdniestria into the conflict," self-styled president, Vadim Krasnoselsky, was quoted as saying by Russian news agency TASS.\n\nHis office has established a "red" level of "terrorist threat" for the next 15 days and canceled public Victory Day events on May 9, citing safety concerns.\n\nMoscow, which deploys troops in the region, also voiced serious concern and blamed Ukraine.\n\nMoldovan President Maia Sandu has urged citizens to remain calm, saying she had stepped up security measures and convened the country\'s Supreme Security Council.\n\nShe condemned the apparent attacks, in which no one was injured.\n\nShe blamed the attack on "internal differences between various groups in Trans-Dniester that have an interest in destabilising the situation."\n\nLast week, a senior Russian military officer said Russia aims to take control of Ukraine\'s south and open a land corridor to the region.\n\nDefense journalist: German \'tanks\' could be a real help for Kyiv\n\nSecurity and defense journalist Thomas Wiegold has told DW the Gepard vehicles that Berlin has approved for delivery could make a real difference to Ukraine\'s fight in terms of anti-aircraft capability.\n\nAlthough they are known as tanks, Wiegold said, the Gepard — also known as Cheetah — vehicles are more of an anti-aircraft cannon mounted on an armored chassis.\n\n"They can make quite a difference. The German army has taken them out of use almost a decade ago, not because they were obsolete, but because at that time the Bundeswehr was scaling down and they had no use for it anymore."\n\n"I think they regretted it, meanwhile, because short-range air defense is much in demand everywhere now and especially in Ukraine. So, the Ukrainians can make use of it, of course."\n\nWiegold said that technically, the German government was only approving the German industry selling equipment to Ukraine, rather than sending it directly.\n\nHe said that, although an apparent U-turn, the decision "allows the government to convey the idea it\'s not that new, because it\'s not German [military] stock."\n\nWiegold said that much of the valuable heavy weaponry was coming from former Warsaw Pact countries that, like Ukraine, relied on Soviet-era equipment. However, he said that further down the line, the West would have to start sharing newer equipment, and train Ukrainians in how to use it.\n\n"If the West wants to continue supporting Ukraine, they have to think about starting training Ukrainians on Western systems to deliver Western systems as well."\n\nErdogan and Putin discuss peace talks, protecting civilians\n\nThe Kremlin says Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin have discussed Moscow\'s efforts to ensure the safety of civilians in Ukraine.\n\nThe Kremlin said in a statement that the two leaders spoke about "efforts made by Russia on a constant basis to ensure the safety of peaceful civilians, including the organisation of humanitarian corridors."\n\nIn response to Erdogan\'s questions on the besieged southeastern port city of Mariupol, Putin said "the city is liberated and combat operations are not going on there," according to the Russian statement.\n\nHundreds of civilians are still sheltering in the city\'s huge Azovstal industrial area while Ukrainian troops are still resisting Russia.\n\nPutin told Erdogan that Kyiv should "take political responsibility and for humanitarian reasons, order them [the troops] to lay down arms," the Kremlin said.\n\nThey also discussed the safety of Turkish ships sailing from Black Sea ports through a cooperation of defense ministries.\n\nThe Turkish side released a statement saying Erdogan urged Putin to agree to direct talks with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy.\n\nErdogan proposed taking the "Istanbul process to the level of leaders, a crucial threshold in the Russia-Ukraine negotiations," according to the statement. Talks have so far stalled over accusations of Russian war crimes. Putin later said peace efforts were at a dead end.\n\nPoland to sanction 50 Russian entities and people\n\nPoland has announced it will impose sanctions on 50 Russian entities and invidiuals.\n\nThe sanctions come in addition to current European Union measures, according to Polish Interior Minister Mariusz Kaminski.\n\nThe list includes Gas giant Gazprom and Moshe Kantor, who owns part of Poland\'s state-owned chemicals group Azoty.\n\nCompanies on the list will have their assets frozen and be excluded from public tenders, while Russian oligarchs on the list will be banned from entering Poland.\n\nUN ready to save lives in Mariupol — UN chief\n\nUN General Secretary Antonio Guterres said during a meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov that the organization is ready to fully mobilize its resources to save lives in Mariupol.\n\n"The United Nations is ready to fully mobilize its human and logistical resources to help save lives in Mariupol," Guterres said.\n\nGuterres also proposed coordinated work with the Red Cross to allow people to evacuate from the Azovstal steel plant in the city. Civilians and Ukrainian troops have been holed up in the plant for weeks.\n\n"Thousands of civilians are in dire need of lifesaving humanitarian assistance, and many have evacuated," Guterres said.\n\nGuterres said that he was concerned about possible war crimes in Ukraine, adding that they require independent investigation.\n\nUN chief meets Putin in Moscow\n\nUN Secretary General Antonio Guterres is holding a joint press conference with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov following talks about the war in Moscow. He had also been due to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin.\n\nThis is the first in-person visit from Guterres since the start of Russia\'s invasion of Ukraine.\n\nDuring an earlier meeting with Lavrov, Guterres called for a cease-fire to be implemented "as soon as possible."\n\nRussia expels three Swedish diplomats\n\nRussia said it was expelling three Swedish diplomats in a retaliatory move against Stockholm.\n\nIn early April, Sweden said it was expelling three Russian diplomats who it accused of conducting "illegal operations" there.\n\nRussia\'s Foreign ministry said it summoned the Swedish ambassador to Russia and "strongly protested" the expulsion of Russian diplomats and Sweden\'s "military support to the Kyiv regime."\n\nThe ministry accused Sweden of "covering up the crimes of Ukrainian nationalists against the civilian population of Donbas and Ukraine."\n\n"In response to this, the Russian side decided to declare persona non grata three diplomats of the Swedish embassy in Russia," the ministry said.\n\nCease-fire needed as soon as possible — UN chief says in Moscow\n\nUN Secretary General Antonio Guterres said that conditions for a cease-fire should be created as soon as possible.\n\n"We are extremely interested in finding ways in order to create the conditions for effective dialogue, create the conditions for a ceasefire as soon as possible, create the conditions for a peaceful solution," Guterres said at a meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in Moscow. He added that the priority is to "minimize human suffering" in Ukraine.\n\nGuterres is scheduled to meet with Russian President Vladimir Putin following his meeting with Lavrov.\n\nUkrainian troops to train on German soil — Defense Minister\n\nGerman Defense Minister Christine Lambrecht said Ukrainian troops will be trained on German soil. The remarks stem from a statement she gave at the Ramstein US air base in Germany during a US-hosted defense conference.\n\n"We are working together with our American friends to train Ukrainian troops on artillery systems on German soil," Lambert said, according to a transcript seen by DW.\n\n"We will, along with the Netherlands, provide self-propelled howitzer and ammunition training to Ukraine, as we all know that artillery is an essential factor in this conflict."\n\nLambrecht addressed criticism leveled at Germany for not delivering heavier weaponry to Ukraine, and pointed to the government\'s decision to provide anti-aircraft tanks as progress.\n\nUN disarmament expert does not expect Russia to use nuclear weapons\n\nPavel Podvig, a senior researcher at the United Nations Institute for Disarmament Research, told DW on Tuesday that he does not envisage Russia using nuclear weapons, despite the Kremlin leaving the door open to such tactics.\n\n"I don\'t think that we are that close," to seeing nuclear weapons used in this war, he said. "And the main reason for that is that there are simply no plausible military missions for nuclear weapons in this type of war."\n\nBut Podvig stopped short of saying Russian President Vladimir Putin would refrain from using tactical nuclear weapons.\n\n"It\'s hard for me to say with certainty whether he would refrain from that," he said.\n\nPodvig\'s comments come after Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said he would not want to see a nuclear confrontation, but that "the danger is serious" and "should not be underestimated."\n\nWatch video 04:39 UN expert: \'No plausible missions for nuclear weapons\' in Ukraine\n\nMoldova reports blasts in breakaway Trans-Dniester region\n\nMoldovan authorities have reported two blasts that damaged Soviet-era radio masts in the breakaway Trans-Dniester region. Authorities said a military unit was also targeted.\n\nMoldovan President Maia Sandu convened an urgent security meeting following the blasts.\n\nThe breakaway Trans-Dniester region seceded from Moldova in 1992 along with Russian backing, although Moscow has not officially recognized the region\'s independence. The region borders Ukraine and Kyiv has voiced concerns that it could be used as a staging ground for Russian attacks.\n\n"In the early morning of April 26, two explosions occurred in the village of Maiac, Grigoriopol district: the first at 6:40 and the second at 7:05," the interior ministry of the in self-proclaimed "Pridnestrovian Moldavian Republic" (PMR) said.\n\nKremlin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov said that the reports of blasts in the Trans-Dniester region were a cause for serious concern and Moscow was closely following the events.\n\nUN expects 8.3 million to flee Ukraine this year\n\nThe UN refugee agency (UNHCR) said on Tuesday that it expects some 8.3 million people to flee Ukraine this year.\n\nUNHCR had previously planned for some 4 million refugees in the immediate aftermath of Russia\'s invasion of Ukraine.\n\nMore than 12.7 million people have fled their homes in Ukraine in the past two months, UNHCR spokesperson Shabia Mantoo said. This included 7.7 million internally displaced people and 5 million people who fled Ukraine across international borders.\n\n"The scale of the crisis, definitely the rapidity of people fleeing, we have not seen in recent times," Mantoo said at a UN news briefing. Mantoo added that Syria has the biggest current refugee crisis in the world, with 6.8 million people having fled the country.\n\nWatch video 05:00 Germany: Russian monks help Ukrainians, despite Russian Orthodox Church support for war\n\nUN doubles Ukraine aid appeal to $2.25 billion\n\nThe United Nations\' humanitarian agency (UN OCHA) said that it has been forced to double its aid appeal to $2.25 billion (€2.11 billion) as the humanitarian situation in the country worsens.\n\n"Over $2.25 billion is now required for needs inside Ukraine, more than double of the amount requested ($1.1 billion) when we launched the appeal on 1 March, a few days after the war began," the UN OCHA said in a statement.\n\nUS, allies will \'move heaven and Earth\' to meet Ukrainian security requirements — Defense Secretary\n\nUS Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin said that the aim of the conference at the air base in Ramstein, Germany was to "help Ukraine win the fight against Russia\'s unjust invasion," as well as to "build up Ukraine\'s defenses for tomorrow\'s challenges."\n\nAustin said that he discussed with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy Kyiv\'s "changing requirements" as Russia focuses on Ukraine\'s eastern Donbas region. Austin said that the US and its allies will "keep moving heaven and Earth" to meet Ukraine\'s security requirements.\n\n"Ukraine needs our help to win today, and they will still need our help when the war is over," Austin said. He added that the US and its allies have committed more than $5 billion of equipment to support Ukraine\'s defense since the start of the war.\n\nThe defense secretary said that Ukraine "has done a magnificent job defending its sovereignty against Russia\'s unprovoked invasion."\n\nAustin said that Ukraine\'s allies had provided assistance at "record speed," adding that "Putin never imagined that the world would rally behind Ukraine so swiftly."\n\nReferring to Russian troop withdrawal from areas around Ukraine\'s capital, Austin said that the war was "entering a new phase" following what he called "Russia\'s defeat at the battle of Kyiv."\n\n"Russia is waging a war of choice to indulge the ambitions of one man," Austin said, alluding to Russian President Vladimir Putin. "Ukraine is fighting a war of necessity to defend its democracy, its sovereignty and its citizens."\n\nWatch video 01:06 Austin: \'We\'re here to help Ukraine win the fight against Russia\'s unjust invasion\'\n\nExplosions hit radio facility in Russia-backed Trans-Dniester\n\nPolice in the breakaway Moldovan region of Trans-Dniester said that two explosions knocked two powerful antennas out of service in a radio facility close to Ukrainian border. The interior ministry of the region said those antennas were re-broadcasting Russian radio.\n\nThe incident occurred in a small town of Maiac about 50 kilometres (30 miles) from the regional capital Tiraspol and roughly 12 kilometers (7 miles) west of the border with Ukraine. No one was hurt in the explosions, officials said.\n\nThe explosions come just a day after several explosions believed to be caused by rocket-propelled grenades were reported to hit the state security ministry in Tiraspol.\n\nMoldovan President Maia Sandu is convening a meeting of the country\'s Supreme Security Council on Tuesday over incidents that took place in Trans-Dniester.\n\nTrans-Dniester is a narrow strip of land on the east bank of the Dniester River, sandwiched between Ukraine and Moldova. The breakaway region seceded from Moldova after a brief military conflict in 1992 following the collapse of the Soviet Union.\n\nIn this conflict, separatists were supported by Moscow. Russia still has a military base there.\n\nA senior Russian military official, Rustam Minnekayev, said last week that Russian forces aim to take full control of southern Ukraine, saying such a move would open the way to Trans-Dniester.\n\nGermany confirms it will send tanks to Ukraine\n\nThe German government confirmed reports that it will approve a delivery of "Gepard" anti-aircraft tanks to Ukraine, according to a statement seen by DW.\n\nGerman Defense Minister Christina Lambrecht will announce the move during opening remarks at Ramstein air base, coming at the start of a US-hosted conference on Ukraine.\n\n"Yesterday we decided that Germany will make the delivery of "Gepard" anti-aircraft tanks possible to Ukraine," Lambrecht is expected to say, according to the statement.\n\nThe confirmation comes after German media reported on the move. Chancellor Olaf Scholz\'s government has come under increasing pressure over not yet sending heavy weapons to Ukraine.\n\nUS kicks off Ukraine conference at Ramstein air base\n\nA defense conference on securing Ukraine\'s long-term security is now underway at the US airbase in Ramstein, Germany.\n\nUS Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin has invited around 40 countries to the conference. While many NATO members will be present, a number of the countries invited are not NATO member states.\n\nThe attendees will include NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg and German Defense Minister Christine Lambrecht.\n\nThe meeting seeks to boost weapons deliveries to Ukraine and bolster the country\'s long-term security.\n\nAustin and US Secretary of State Antony Blinken spoke with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on Sunday and pledged additional military assistance to Kyiv. Austin and Blinken are expected to brief allies on Ukraine\'s security needs during the conference.\n\nWatch video 02:05 US to host talks on assistance for Ukraine in Germany\n\nNo imminent threat of direct confrontation with Russia — UK armed forces minister\n\nBritish Armed Forces Minister James Heappey said he did not think there was an imminent threat of escalation in the war in Ukraine leading to nuclear conflict.\n\n"What the West is doing to support its allies in Ukraine is very well calibrated ... Everything we do is calibrated to avoid direct confrontation with Russia," Heappy told BBC television.\n\nHeappey\'s remarks follow a statement by Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, who said that NATO was "in essence engaged in war with Russia through a proxy" and that the "risks" of nuclear escalation were "considerable."\n\n"Lavrov\'s trademark over the course of 15 years or so that he has been the Russian foreign secretary has been that sort of bravado. I don\'t think that right now there is an imminent threat of escalation," Heappey said.\n\nHeappy also told Sky News that it is not NATO that is providing military support to Ukraine.\n\n"The donor effort is something that has been brought together by countries that are yes, many of them are from NATO, but others are from beyond ... it is not NATO that is doing the military aid," Heappy said.\n\nWatch video 02:00 Will Putin use \'tactical\' nuclear weapons in Ukraine?\n\nGermany reportedly to supply Ukraine with \'Gepard\' tanks\n\nAccording to the dpa news agency, Germany\'s federal government intends to allow tanks from industry stocks to be delivered to Ukraine. German defense company Krauss-Maffei Wegmann will be given the green light to sell "Gepard" anti-aircraft tanks from previous Bundeswehr stocks, dpa reported.\n\nGermany\'s Süddeutsche Zeitung newspaper reported that Defense Minister Christine Lambrecht will pledge the anti-aircraft tanks to Ukraine during today\'s meeting at the Ramstein US air base.\n\nUS Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin said on Monday following a meeting with Ukrainian officials that Kyiv had requested tanks as it seeks to adapt to the shifting conditions of the conflict.\n\nGermany is reportedly to supply Ukraine with anti-aircraft "Gepard" tanks\n\nKreminna in Luhansk region has fallen — UK defense ministry\n\nBritain\'s Defense Ministry said in a Tuesday intelligence update that the town of Kreminna in Ukraine\'s eastern Luhansk region has reportedly fallen to Russian forces.\n\nRussian troops are attempting to advance north to Sloviansk and east to Kramatorsk, according to the ministry.\n\n"Russian forces are likely attempting to encircle heavily fortified Ukrainian positions in the east of Ukraine," the intelligence update said, adding that Ukrainian forces have been preparing defenses in the southeastern city of Zaporizhzhia.\n\nUK drops import tariffs on goods from Ukraine to zero\n\nThe UK has dropped tariffs on all goods coming from Ukraine, following a direct request from Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy.\n\n"The UK will continue to do everything in its power to support Ukraine\'s fight against Putin\'s brutal and unprovoked invasion," British International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan said.\n\nThe average tariff on Ukrainian imports was about 22%.\n\nThe British government said it would also impose further export bans on products to Russia, including cash, maritime goods and technology, and energy-related goods.\n\nUkraine wants UN to seek Mariupol evacuation\n\nUkraine has urged UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres to press Russia for an evacuation of the besieged port of Mariupol. Guterres is set to meet Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in Moscow on Tuesday.\n\nThe UN chief "should focus primarily on one issue, evacuation of Mariupol," Ukraine Foreign Minister Dmytro Kuleba told The Associated Press in an interview.\n\n"This is really something that the UN is capable of doing. And if he demonstrates political will, character, and integrity, I hope that will allow us to make one step forward," he said.\n\nRussian forces have surrounded fighters in the last Ukrainian stronghold in the Azovstal steel plant, but an estimated 100,000 civilians are also trapped in the city.\n\nKuleba also said he was concerned Guterres could fall into a Kremlin "trap." He cited trips to the Russian capital by foreign officials ahead of the invasion on February 24 as evidence of the Kremlin dictating diplomacy.\n\nOn Thursday, Guterres is expected to head to Ukraine for talks with President Volodymyr Zelenskyy and Foreign Minister Kuleba.\n\nWatch video 02:00 Ukrainian troops still holding out in Mariupol\n\nZelenskyy urges Ukrainians to make country \'unbearable\' for Russian occupation\n\nUkraine\'s president, Volodymyr Zelenskyy, called Ukrainians to think of how to make "the presence of occupiers at our land even more unbearable."\n\nIn his nightly address, Zelenskyy predicted Russia would lose the war, but said it would require sacrifice.\n\n"Every day of the fight will add years and years to the peaceful life after this war, after our victory," Zelenskyy said.\n\nHe was aware the Ukrainians wanted to know "when it all be over," but said "there is no simple answer to that at this time."\n\nUS to host Ukraine-focused defense talks at Germany\'s Ramstein air base\n\nThe US military expects officials from more than 20 countries to attend talks on Tuesday at Ramstein Air Base in Germany focused on arming Ukraine.\n\nDefense Secretary Lloyd Austin is hosting the event following a trip to Kyiv, where he pledged additional support to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy.\n\nIn remarks following his appearance in Kyiv on Monday, Austin said he would like "to see Russia weakened to the point where it can\'t do things like invade Ukraine."\n\nGeneral Mark Milley, chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff, said a key goal of the talks was to synchronize and coordinate security assistance to Kyiv that includes heavy weaponry, like howitzer artillery and well-armed drones and ammunition.\n\n"The next several weeks will be very, very critical," Milley told reporters traveling with him to Germany.\n\n"They need continued support in order to be successful on the battlefield. And that\'s really the purpose of this conference."\n\nNATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg is expected to attend the meeting, along with representatives from NATO and non-NATO countries.\n\nWatch video 03:34 US now clearly willing to provide Ukraine with what they need: military expert\n\nLavrov says NATO engaged in \'proxy war\' with Russia\n\nRussian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov told Russian state television that NATO was "in essence engaged in war with Russia through a proxy" by supplying weapons to Ukraine.\n\nSpeaking to the Russian First Channel he said, "these weapons will be a legitimate target for Russia\'s military."\n\n"Storage facilities in western Ukraine have been targeted more than once [by Russian forces]. How can it be otherwise? War means war," he said.\n\nThe foreign minister also said Monday evening that Moscow wants to reduce the chance of "artificially" elevating the risks of a nuclear conflict.\n\n"This is our key position on which we base everything. The risks now are considerable," Lavrov said.\n\nThe top diplomat said peace talks with Ukraine would continue.\n\nHe conceded the war in Ukraine would probably end finish with the signing of an accord but added the terms would depend on the military situation in the country at the time.\n\nAfter Lavrov\'s interview, Ukrainian foreign minister Dmytro Kuleba wrote on Twitter that Russia had lost its "last hope to scare the world off supporting Ukraine."\n\n"This only means Moscow senses defeat," he added.\n\nSummary of Monday\'s events in the Ukraine-Russia crisis\n\nVadym Boychenko, the mayor of the besieged city of Mariupol, said a new mass grave had been identified 10 kilometers (6 miles) north of the city. Several victims were located there, though authorities are trying to identify how many victims are in the unmarked graves.\n\nRussia said it expelled 40 German diplomats in response to Berlin\'s decision to kick out Russian diplomats over the conflict in Ukraine. Germany Foreign Minister Annalena Baerbock said the move was unjustified as the Russian staff expelled from Germany had been "spies" rather than diplomats.\n\nWatch video 02:42 Russia expels German diplomats: Leonie von Hammerstein reports\n\nFinnish newspaper Italehti has reported Finland and Sweden have agreed to submit NATO applications at the same time during the week of May 16.\n\nSwedish paper Expressen writes that its sources confirm there is an agreement between the two countries.\n\nUkrainian Railways reported that five train stations in central and western Ukraine had come under fire and had been hit by missile strikes. Russia\'s Defense Ministry claimed it used missiles to destroy facilities powering the railways supplying Ukrainian forces with foreign weapons.\n\nAbout 15,000 Russian troops have been killed since Russia invaded Ukraine, UK Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said. Ukraine has claimed 22,000 Russian troops were killed since the invasion. Russia has acknowledged only 1,351 military deaths.\n\nUS Secretary of State Antony Blinken says Russia is trying to brutalize parts of Ukraine but failing in its war aims.\n\nAfter a visit to Kyiv, Blinken said Russia\'s military was underperforming, and its economy was "in shambles" due to sanctions and a mass "exodus" from the country.\n\nWatch video 02:54 Russian missiles strike Ukrainian rail stations\n\nYou can revisit our live updates from April 25 here.\n\nsi, lo, aw/wmr, rs, mhm (AFP, AP, dpa, Reuters)', 'image': 'https://static.dw.com/image/61602081_6.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:19'}
{'title': 'Russia-Ukraine War (April 25): Mariupol Officials Say New Mass Grave Found', 'keywords': ['ministry', 'ukrainian', 'mass', 'grave', 'oil', 'foreign', 'defense', 'forces', 'mariupol', 'say', 'officials', 'military', 'russiaukraine', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0301, 'subjectivity': 0.2646, 'link': 'https://www.theepochtimes.com/live-updates-russia-ukraine-war-april-25_4424882.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:40', 'summary': '(Maxar Technologies via Reuters)Russia–Ukraine War (April 25): Mariupol Officials Say New Mass Grave FoundThe latest on the Russia–Ukraine crisis, April 25.\nMariupol Officials Say New Mass Grave FoundOfficials in the embattled Ukrainian city of Mariupol say a new mass grave has been identified north of the city.\nRead the full article here____17 Dead in Russian Military Research Facility Fire on April 21At least 17 people have died in last week’s fire at a Russian military research facility, authorities said Monday.\nReacting to these comments, Ukrainian Foreign Ministry spokesman Oleg Nikolenko released a strong-worded statement on Sunday.\n_____Fire Erupts at Russian Oil Depot Near Border With UkraineA fire has erupted at a Russian oil depot near the border with Ukraine.', 'channel': 'theepochtimes.com', 'text': 'Satellite image of more trenches dug into land outside Mariupol, Ukraine, on April 15, 2022. (Maxar Technologies via Reuters)\n\nRussia–Ukraine War (April 25): Mariupol Officials Say New Mass Grave Found\n\nThe latest on the Russia–Ukraine crisis, April 25. Click here for updates from April 24.\n\nMariupol Officials Say New Mass Grave Found\n\nOfficials in the embattled Ukrainian city of Mariupol say a new mass grave has been identified north of the city.\n\nMayor Vadym Boychenko said authorities are trying to estimate the number of victims in the grave about 10 kilometers (about 6 miles) north of Mariupol.\n\nSatellite photos released over the past several days have shown what appear to be images of other mass graves.\n\nMariupol has been decimated by fierce fighting over the past two months. The capture of the city would deprive Ukraine of a vital port and allow Moscow to establish a land corridor to the Crimean Peninsula, which it seized from Ukraine in 2014.\n\n___\n\n4 Die, 9 Wounded From Russian Shelling of Kharkiv: Governor\n\nFour people died and nine were wounded as a result of Russia‘s shelling in the Kharkiv region on Monday, Oleh Synegubov, the region’s governor told Ukraine‘s public broadcaster.\n\n___\n\nKyiv Wants UN to Seek Mariupol Evacuation\n\nUkraine’s foreign minister on Monday urged the U.N. chief to press Russia for an evacuation of the besieged port of Mariupol, calling it something the world body is capable of achieving.\n\nForeign Minister Dmytro Kuleba told The Associated Press in an interview he was concerned that by visiting Moscow on Tuesday before traveling to Kyiv, U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres could be vulnerable to falling into a Kremlin “trap” in the war.\n\nKuleba said Guterres “should focus primarily on one issue: evacuation of Mariupol.\n\nAn estimated 100,000 people are trapped in the seaside city while a contingent of Ukrainian fighters hold out against Russian forces in a steel mill where hundreds of civilians also are taking shelter.\n\n___\n\nRussian Officer: Missile to Carry Several Hypersonic Weapons\n\nA new Russian intercontinental ballistic missile is capable of carrying several hypersonic weapons, a senior Russian military officer said Sunday.\n\nCol. Gen. Sergei Karakayev, the commander of the Russian military’s Strategic Missile Forces, said in televised remarks that the new Sarmat ICBM is designed to carry several Avangard hypersonic glide vehicles.\n\nRussia’s Defense Ministry said the Sarmat was test-fired for the first time Wednesday from the Plesetsk launch facility in northern Russia and its practice warheads have successfully reached mock targets on the Kura firing range on the far eastern Kamchatka Peninsula.\n\n___\n\nBridget Brink Named as US Ambassador to Ukraine\n\nPresident Joe Biden announced on Monday his nomination of Bridget Brink to serve as U.S. ambassador to Ukraine.\n\nBrink, a career foreign service officer, has served since 2019 as ambassador to Slovakia. She previously held assignments in Serbia, Cyprus, Georgia, and Uzbekistan as well as with the White House National Security Council. The post requires confirmation by the U.S. Senate.\n\nThe announcement comes as American diplomats prepare to return to Ukraine this coming week, although the U.S. embassy in Kyiv will remain closed for now.\n\n___\n\nUS Wants to See Russian Military ‘Weakened’\n\nThe United States wants to see the Russian military “weakened” amid the invasion of Ukraine, said Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin on Monday as he and Secretary of State Antony Blinken met with officials in Europe.\n\n“We want to see Russia weakened to the degree that it can’t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine,” Austin told reporters, according to a transcript.\n\nHis remarks on Monday are perhaps the most explicit yet from a White House official on the Biden administration’s goals in the conflict, representing a sharpening of rhetoric toward the Russian government as the conflict enters its third month. Austin made the comments while speaking with Blinken at a press conference in Poland, a day after the pair visited Kyiv to meet with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy on providing more military assistance.\n\nWhen asked about the United States’ “goals for success” amid the conflict, Austin responded, “Ukraine remains a sovereign country, a democratic country, able to protect its sovereign territory.” But then he told reporters that he wants to see Russia’s military capacity diminished.\n\n“It has already lost a lot of military capability and a lot of its troops, quite frankly, and we want to see them not have the capability to very quickly reproduce that capability,” Austin added.\n\nRead the full article here\n\n___\n\nUS Promises More Ukraine Aid\n\nSecretary of State Antony Blinken and Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin said Monday after a secrecy-shrouded visit to Kyiv that Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy is committed to winning his country’s fight against Russia and that the United States will help him achieve that goal.\n\n“He has the mindset that they want to win, and we have the mindset that we want to help them win,” Austin told reporters in Poland, the day after the three-hour face-to-face meeting with Zelenskyy in Ukraine.\n\nAustin said that the nature of the fight in Ukraine had changed now that Russia has pulled away from the wooded northern regions to focus on the eastern industrial heartland of the Donbass. Because the nature of the fight has evolved, so have Ukraine’s military needs, and Zelenskyy is now focused on more tanks, artillery, and other munitions.\n\n“The first step in winning is believing that you can win,” Austin said. “We believe that they can win if they have the right equipment, the right support, and we’re going to do everything we can … to ensure that gets to them.”\n\n____\n\nUkraine Removes Hirohito From Video After Japan Protests\n\nUkraine’s government has apologized and removed a photo of Japanese wartime monarch Hirohito from a video showing him with Adolf Hitler and Benito Mussolini after Japan protested, officials said Monday.\n\nJapan will continue to support Ukrainians who are defending their country from Russia’s invasion despite the “completely inappropriate” portrayal of Hirohito, Deputy Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihiko Isozaki said.\n\nThe video, posted by the Ukrainian government on Twitter on April 1, criticized Russia’s invasion as “rashism.” Underneath the photos of the three World War II-era leaders were the words “Fascism and Nazism were defeated in 1945.”\n\nJapan fought World War II in the name of Hirohito. Historical evaluations of his role in the war remain divided.\n\nIsozaki said Japan lodged a protest and demanded the removal of Hirohito’s image, which Ukraine has done.\n\n“Our sincere apologies to Japan for making this mistake,” the Ukrainian government said on Twitter Sunday. “We had no intention to offend the friendly people of Japan.”\n\n_____\n\nNumber of Expelled Russian Diplomats Revealed\n\nAround 400 Russian diplomats have been expelled from 28 countries since the launch of Moscow’s military operation in Ukraine, the Russian Foreign Ministry revealed on Monday.\n\nAccording to Deputy Foreign Minister Evgeny Ivanov, diplomatic expulsions became the preferred method of the West even before Feb. 24. Calling the seizure of Russian assets abroad another “unfriendly” measure, he said these actions “will not go unanswered.”\n\n“We counteract where we can, up to appealing to the courts. Unfriendly actions do not go unanswered in the legislative sphere either,” Ivanov said during a parliamentary meeting, as cited by Russian media.\n\nMoscow has previously warned that it would retaliate to all expulsions of its diplomats. On Monday, the Russian Foreign Ministry summoned German Ambassador Geza Andreas von Geyr to express “strong protest” over Berlin’s earlier decision to expel 40 employees of Russian diplomatic institutions. As a “symmetrical response,” 40 employees of German diplomatic institutions in Russia have been designated persona non grata, the ministry announced.\n\n_____\n\nPutin Says US and Its Allies of Trying to ‘Split Russian Society’\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin has accused the United States and its allies of trying to “split Russian society.”\n\nSpeaking Monday at a meeting with top officials at the Prosecutor General’s office, Putin said Russia has come under “unprecedented Western sanctions” amid its military action in Ukraine.\n\nHe charged that the United States and its allies have sought to “split the Russian society and to destroy Russia from within,” adding that their plans have failed.\n\nPutin urged Russian prosecutors to act more quickly to block unsanctioned demonstrations organized from abroad. He also noted that they should focus on exposing “open provocations” against the Russian military allegedly involving international media and social platforms.\n\n_____\n\nNATO Warships Arrive at Finnish Port for Training Exercises\n\nThree NATO warships arrived in the southwestern Finnish port of Turku on Monday to train with Finland’s navy as Helsinki considers the possibility of joining the U.S.–led alliance amid increased tensions with Russia over Ukraine.\n\nLatvian minelayer LVNS Virsaitis and minehunters Estonian ENS Sakala and Dutch HNLMS Schiedam will train with two minehunters from Finland’s coastal fleet, the Finnish defense forces said in a statement.\n\nThe two-day exercise, set to commence on April 28, will prepare the Finnish ships to take part in NATO response forces in 2022 and focus on “mine countermeasures and working in a multinational framework,” the statement said.\n\nFinnish Prime Minister Sanna Marin said on April 13 that her country would take a decision in the next few weeks about whether to apply to join NATO.\n\n_____\n\nPutin Outlines Position on Foreign Firms\n\nRussia faces unprecedented sanctions pressure that continues to intensify, President Vladimir Putin said on Monday, noting that despite the prevailing conditions, the country’s economy has the opportunity to function stably and smoothly. He has promised to support businesses as much as possible, including foreign firms that have stayed in Russia.\n\nTo do that, it is necessary to respect the rights of business owners and support them to the full, including by reducing the administrative burden, Putin said. Foreign companies that have remained in Russia despite sanctions pressure should be allowed to “work peacefully,” he added.\n\nThe Russian president earlier instructed the government to allocate additional resources to support small and medium-sized businesses and create better growth conditions for new industries based on new and yet-to-be-developed supply chains. Putin also said he believes that sanctions will result in new leaders emerging in the Russian market.\n\n____\n\nRussia Investigates Large Oil Depot Fire in Region Near Ukraine\n\nRussia said on Monday it would investigate the cause of a large fire that erupted in the early hours of the morning at an oil storage facility in the city of Bryansk 154 km (96 miles) northeast of the border with Ukraine.\n\nUnverified social media footage showed what sounded like two explosions followed by a tower of flames, with one unverified video showing a fire raging around a giant fuel reservoir.\n\nRussia’s Ministry of Emergency Situations said nobody had been hurt in the incident.\n\nThe ministry said in a statement that the fire had broken out at a facility owned by oil pipeline company Transneft at 0200 Moscow time (2300 GMT), and that there had been no need to evacuate any parts of Bryansk, a city of 400,000 people.\n\nThe Russian Energy Ministry said there was no threat to diesel and gasoline supplies in the Bryansk region after the incident and there were enough fuel stockpiles.\n\nIt added that the scale of the blaze was being assessed.\n\nOther unverified footage showed what looked like another fire burning at a second location in Bryansk.\n\n______\n\nRussia Expels 40 German Diplomats\n\nRussia is expelling 40 German diplomats in response to Germany expelling the same number of Russian diplomats earlier this month.\n\nThe Russian Foreign Ministry said Monday that it had summoned German ambassador Géza Andreas von Geyr for a “strong protest at the clearly unfriendly decision” to expel the Russian diplomatic staff.\n\nThe ministry said von Geyr was told that 40 members of staff at German diplomatic missions in Russia would be officially declared unwelcome in Russia.\n\n_____\n\nEU Official Says No ‘Unified Position’ Reached on Russian Energy Embargo\n\nThe European Union’s foreign policy chief Josep Borrell has said that insufficient support from EU member states means a complete embargo or punitive tariff on Russian oil and gas imports cannot yet be levied.\n\n“At the moment, we in the EU do not have a unified position on this question,” Borrell was quoted as saying by the German newspaper Die Welt on Monday, adding that “a final proposal for an embargo on oil and gas is not yet on the table.”\n\nBorrell’s comment comes as some EU countries, including Poland and Lithuania, are pushing for a sixth round of sanctions against Russian oil imports in the wake of Moscow’s invasion of Ukraine on Feb. 24.\n\nRead the full article here\n\n____\n\n17 Dead in Russian Military Research Facility Fire on April 21\n\nAt least 17 people have died in last week’s fire at a Russian military research facility, authorities said Monday.\n\nThe regional government in Tver, a city about 180 kilometers (112 miles) northwest of Moscow, said that so far only five of the victims had been identified.\n\nThe blaze at the Central Research Institute for Air and Space Defense of the Russian Defense Ministry in Tver erupted Thursday and it took authorities a day to put it out.\n\nOfficials previously said 27 people were injured and 13 of them were hospitalized.\n\nThe cause of the fire wasn’t immediately clear.\n\nThe research institute was involved in the development of some of the state-of-the-art Russian weapons systems, reportedly including the Iskander missile.\n\n______\n\n5 Killed by Air Strikes in Central Ukraine\n\nUkrainian authorities say at least five people have been killed by Russian strikes on the central Vynnytsia region.\n\nThe Vynnytsia regional prosecutors said another 18 people were wounded in Monday’s Russian missile strikes on the towns of Zhmerynka and Koziatyn.\n\nVinnytsia regional Governor Serhiy Borzov said earlier that the Russian missiles targeted “critical infrastructure,” but didn’t elaborate.\n\nThe Vynnytsia region is fully controlled by Ukraine and is far behind the front lines.\n\n____\n\nRussia Opens Humanitarian Corridor for Civilians From Mariupol’s Azovstal Plant\n\nRussian and Donbass forces will observe a ceasefire around the besieged Azovstal steel mill in Mariupol starting from 2 p.m. Moscow time on Monday, allowing civilians to evacuate to safety, the Russian Defense Ministry has said.\n\nCol. Gen. Mikhail Mizintsev, the head of Russia’s National Defense Management Center, said that armed units will “withdraw to a safe distance and maintain the exit of civilians from the said area in any direction they choose.”\n\n_____\n\nZelenskyy: US Talks Effective, Encouraging\n\nUkraine’s President Volodymyr Zelenskyy has hailed talks with Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin as “encouraging” and “effective.”\n\nSpeaking in Monday’s video address, he said the United States is offering “powerful” support to his country. Zelenskyy added that they agreed “on further steps to strengthen the armed forces of Ukraine and meet all the priority needs of our army.” He noted that ramping up sanctions against Moscow also was on the meeting’s agenda.\n\nBlinken and Austin said the United States had approved a $165 million sale of ammunition for Ukraine’s war effort, along with more than $300 million in foreign military financing.\n\nZelenskyy noted that Ukraine would expect the United States to lead other allies in offering a set of security guarantees in the future.\n\n_____\n\nRussia: Oil Depot Fire Won’t Cause Shortages\n\nRussia’s Energy Ministry says a massive fire at an oil depot in western Russia will not cause fuel shortages.\n\nThe ministry said in a statement that Monday’s fire inflicted damage to a depot containing diesel fuel in Bryansk, and authorities are dealing with the consequences of the blaze.\n\nThe ministry said fuel supplies to consumers haven’t been interrupted and noted that the region has enough diesel fuel for 15 days.\n\nThe Emergencies Ministry said earlier that a huge blaze erupted overnight at the depot owned by Transneft-Druzhba, a subsidiary of the Russian state-controlled company Transneft, which operates the western-bound Druzhba (Friendship) pipeline carrying crude to Europe. It wasn’t immediately clear what caused the blaze, and whether it could affect deliveries to Europe.\n\n_____\n\nRussian Gas Embargo ‘Impossible’ for Austria: Energy Minister\n\nBanning Russian natural gas imports is “currently impossible” for Austria, the country’s energy minister, Leonore Gewessler, told the press over the weekend.\n\n“Austria is 80 percent dependent on Russian gas. As painful as it is, a gas embargo is currently not possible for us, just as it is for some other countries. The essence of sanctions is to let us last longer than [Russian President] Vladimir Putin, and we cannot do that without gas,” the official told Die Presse am Sonntag.\n\n____\n\nUkraine Angry at Austrian Comments\n\nKyiv is “disappointed” by the “short-sighted” statements of Austrian Foreign Minister Alexander Schallenberg who suggested that full EU membership might not be the best option for Ukraine.\n\nOn Saturday, Schallenberg, while admitting that deepening ties with Ukraine is necessary as the EU is exporting the “Western way of life,” said that models other than full EU membership should be considered for Ukraine. He mentioned joining the European Economic Area or an association agreement as among the options.\n\nReacting to these comments, Ukrainian Foreign Ministry spokesman Oleg Nikolenko released a strong-worded statement on Sunday.\n\n“We are disappointed by the remarks of the Austrian Federal Minister of Foreign Affairs about the European future of Ukraine. We consider them to be strategically short-sighted and not in the interests of a united Europe,” Nikolenko said, adding that Schallenberg ignores the positive view of “the vast majority” of the populations of the EU’s founding members toward Ukrainian membership.\n\n______\n\nRussia and Ukraine Differ on Odessa Missile Strike\n\nRussian forces have destroyed a logistics terminal in Odessa that held a large batch of foreign weapons, Moscow announced on Saturday amid its ongoing military offensive in Ukraine. However, the city’s authorities have claimed that its air defense group destroyed two missiles but that another four hit a military target and residential buildings, leading to civilian deaths.\n\nIt was not immediately clear if the buildings were struck by the Russian attack or attempts by Ukrainian forces to strike down the missiles initially aimed at the military target.\n\nAccording to Russian military spokesman Major General Igor Konashenkov, in the afternoon, “high-precision long-range air-launched missiles” hit a logistics terminal located on a military airfield near Odessa, where “a large batch of foreign weapons received from the United States and European countries was stored.”\n\n_____\n\nSkating Chiefs Further Isolate Russia\n\nRussia has been stripped of its right to host a figure skating Grand Prix in the 2022–23 season, the International Skating Union (ISU) has confirmed, while further steps could be taken to sanction Russia and Belarus in the international arena.\n\nThe ISU confirmed on Monday that the traditional Russian stage of its Grand Prix series would not take place next season.\n\nThe event, known as the Rostelecom Cup, took place in Sochi last year but has also been held in Moscow and St. Petersburg.\n\n“Until further notice no International Competitions shall be held in Russia and Belarus. Consequently, the Rostelecom Cup 2022 in Figure Skating will not be included in the ISU Grand Prix of Figure Skating series of the season 2022/23,” read an ISU statement.\n\n_____\n\nRussia Warns US Against Sending More Arms to Ukraine\n\nRussia has warned the United States against sending more arms to Ukraine, Moscow’s ambassador to Washington told Russian state television.\n\n“We stressed the unacceptability of this situation when the United States of America pours weapons into Ukraine, and we demanded an end to this practice,” Anatoly Antonov said in an interview with the Rossiya 24 TV channel.\n\nAntonov said an official diplomatic note had been sent to Washington expressing Russia’s concerns. He said such arms supplies from the United States would further aggravate the situation and raise the stakes of the conflict.\n\nWashington’s top diplomat and its defense secretary met Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in Kyiv late on Sunday, pledging new assistance worth $713 million for Zelenskyy’s government and other countries in the region.\n\nEarlier in April, President Joe Biden announced an additional $800 million in military assistance to Ukraine, expanding the scope of the systems provided to include heavy artillery.\n\n_____\n\nRussia Strikes Ukrainian Oil Depot and Military Installations\n\nRussia struck Ukraine’s Kremenchuk oil refinery with long-range missiles and hit military installations in its former Soviet neighbor, the Russian defense ministry reported on Monday.\n\n“The armed forces of the Russian Federation continue the special military operation in Ukraine,” the ministry said.\n\nRussia said it struck Ukrainian military installations and the Kremenchuk oil refinery near the Dnipro River that the governor of the Poltava region had said was destroyed earlier this month.\n\n“High-precision long-range weapons destroyed fuel production facilities at an oil refinery on the northern outskirts of the city of Kremenchuk, as well as petroleum products storage facilities which fuelled military equipment for Ukrainian troops,” the ministry said.\n\n_____\n\nUS Says Diplomats to Return to Kyiv, as ‘Russia Has Already Failed’ in War Aims\n\nThe United States promised on Monday to reopen its embassy in Kyiv soon, as Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin and Secretary of State Antony Blinken visited Ukraine’s capital and hailed its success so far against Russia’s invasion.\n\nBoth men said the fact they were able to come to Kyiv was proof of Ukraine’s tenacity in forcing Moscow to abandon an assault on the capital last month, and promised more aid to fend off Russian troops now attempting an advance in the east.\n\nU.S. officials said they pledged new assistance worth $713 million for President Volodymyr Zelenskyy’s government and other countries in the region.\n\n“In terms of Russia’s war aims, Russia has already failed and Ukraine has already succeeded,” Blinken claimed in a briefing in Poland after the two officials returned.\n\nRussia has always denied intending to overthrow Ukraine’s government. Western countries say that was its aim from the outset but it failed in the face of Ukrainian resistance.\n\nThe relative calm in Kyiv is a contrast with the south and east of the country.\n\nSome 200 miles southeast of Kyiv, Russian missile strikes on an oil refinery and power plant in Kremenchuk killed one person and wounded seven, the governor of the Poltava region said. Moscow said it had destroyed oil production facilities there.\n\n_____\n\nUK Claims Russia Made Minor Advances in Ukraine After Its Shift to Donbass\n\nRussia has made minor advances in some areas since shifting its focus to fully occupying the Donbass, the U.K.’s Ministry of Defense claimed on Twitter on Monday.\n\nUkraine’s defense of Mariupol has also exhausted many Russian units and reduced their combat effectiveness, British military intelligence claimed.\n\n_____\n\n5 Railway Stations Come Under Fire in Ukraine, Casualties Reported: State Rail Company\n\nFive railway stations came under fire in western and central Ukraine on Monday, causing an unspecified number of casualties, Ukrainian television quoted state-run Ukrainian Railways as saying.\n\nOleksander Kamyshin, the company’s chief, said the attacks took place in the space of an hour and details were being checked.\n\n_____\n\nFire Erupts at Russian Oil Depot Near Border With Ukraine\n\nA fire has erupted at a Russian oil depot near the border with Ukraine.\n\nThe Tass news agency reported the fire early Monday in Bryansk. The Russian report said oil storage tanks at the facility caught fire around 2 a.m. local time.\n\nNASA satellites that track fires show a burning fire at coordinates that correspond to a Rosneft facility some 70 miles north of the Ukrainian border.\n\nAnton Gerashchenko, adviser to the head of Ukraine’s Ministry of Internal Affairs, was cited by the Ukrainian news agency Unian as saying that people who live near the burning oil depot were being evacuated.\n\nMoscow has previously blamed Ukraine for attacks on the Russian region of Bryansk, which borders Ukraine.\n\nUkraine’s top security officials have denied that Kyiv was behind an earlier airstrike on an oil depot in the Russian city of Belgorod, about 35 miles from the border.\n\n___\n\nBlinken, Austin Meet With Zelenskyy\n\nThe U.S. secretaries of state and defense met Sunday night with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy in the highest-level visit to the war-torn country’s capital by an American delegation since the start of Russia’s invasion.\n\nThe meeting with U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken and U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin was confirmed by presidential adviser Oleksiy Arestovych in an interview on Ukrainian TV.\n\nIt came as Ukraine pressed the West for more powerful weapons against Russia’s campaign in the Donbas region of eastern Ukraine, where Moscow’s forces sought to dislodge the last Ukrainian troops in the battered port of Mariupol.\n\n“Yes, they’re meeting with the president. Let’s hope something will be decided on further help,” Arestovych said in an interview on Ukrainian TV.\n\nBefore the session, Zelenskyy said he was looking for the Americans to produce results, both in arms and security guarantees.\n\n“You can’t come to us empty-handed today, and we are expecting not just presents or some kind of cakes, we are expecting specific things and specific weapons,” he said.\n\n___\n\nUkraine to Call for Heavy Arms When Top US Officials Visit Kyiv\n\nUkraine will ask U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin for more powerful weapons during an expected visit by the officials to Kyiv on Sunday, seeking to build the country’s defenses against the Russian invasion.\n\nThe trip by Blinken and Austin, announced earlier by Zelenskyy, would be the highest-level visit to Ukraine by U.S. officials since Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered the invasion of the country two months ago.\n\nThe White House has not confirmed any visit by Blinken and Austin. The State Department and Pentagon declined to comment.\n\n___\n\nNATO and Russian Military Presence in Mediterranean Sea at ‘Cold War’ Levels\n\nAs the conflict in Ukraine enters its third month, NATO and Russia have built up their naval forces in the Mediterranean Sea to the most significant levels in decades.\n\nThat was confirmed in a recent interview with Thibault Lavernhe, regional communication officer of French forces in the Mediterranean, who said that “Ukraine has changed things.”\n\n“The Americans are back. This hasn’t been the case since the Cold War,” he said. “Russia has doubled, if not tripled, its military capacity in the area” in terms of destroyers, submarines, and frigates, Lavernhe continued to say.\n\nRead the full article here\n\n___\n\nUkraine’s Military Says Russian Forces Are Trying to Storm Azovstal Plant\n\nRussian forces attempted to storm the Ukrainian-held Azovstal steel plant in the besieged southeastern city of Mariupol on Sunday, Ukrainian officials said, despite Russian President Vladimir Putin’s comments last week that the complex did not need to be taken.\n\nUkraine’s armed forces command wrote on Facebook that Russian forces were firing and performing “offensive operations” in the Azovstal area, as well as conducting airstrikes on civilian infrastructure.\n\nSerhiy Volyna, commander of Ukraine’s 36th Marine brigade forces in Mariupol, said in an interview with an opposition lawmaker that was shown on YouTube on Sunday that Russia was hitting the complex with air and artillery bombardments.\n\n“We are taking casualties, the situation is critical … we have very many wounded men, [some] are dying, it’s a difficult [situation] with guns, ammunition, food, medicines … the situation is rapidly worsening,” Volyna said, speaking from his location at the plant.\n\nKonstantin Ivaschenko, the official who has been designated mayor of Mariupol by Russia but not recognized as such by Ukraine, denied that any fighting was taking place in the city in comments reported by Russian news outlet Tass on Sunday.\n\nThe Epoch Times could not independently verify the Ukrainian or Russian accounts.\n\nKatabella Roberts, Jack Phillips, The Associated Press, and Reuters contributed to this report.', 'image': 'https://img.theepochtimes.com/assets/uploads/2022/04/22/MG-1-1200x675.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:40'}
{'title': 'ICC prosecutor to join EU team investigating crimes in Ukraine', 'keywords': ['crimes', 'war', 'president', 'kyiv', 'ukrainian', 'join', 'russian', 'investigating', 'russia', 'defence', 'told', 'military', 'icc', 'team', 'prosecutor'], 'polarity': 0.0599, 'subjectivity': 0.2776, 'link': 'https://www.france24.com/en/europe/20220425-live-blinken-and-austin-announce-us-aid-diplomatic-push-during-ukraine-visit', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:04', 'summary': 'The International Criminal Court\'s chief prosecutor will join an EU investigations team to probe possible international crimes committed in Ukraine, the EU\'s judicial cooperation agency said Monday.\nOf the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, Lavrov told Russian news agencies that he was confident that “everything will of course finish with the signing of an accord.\n5:03pm: ICC prosecutor to join EU team investigating crimes in UkraineThe International Criminal Court\'s chief prosecutor will join an EU investigations team to probe possible international crimes committed in Ukraine, the EU\'s judicial cooperation agency said Monday.\n10:29am: Russia strikes Ukrainian oil depot, defence ministry saysRussia struck Ukraine\'s Kremenchuk oil refinery with long-range missiles, according to the Russian defence ministry.\n"Starting this week, members of that team will be able to do day trips instead into Ukraine," he said.', 'channel': 'france24.com', 'text': 'As it happened\n\nA boy stands next to a wrecked vehicle in front of an apartment building damaged during the Ukraine-Russia conflict in the southern port city of Mariupol, Ukraine, on April 24, 2022.\n\nThe International Criminal Court\'s chief prosecutor will join an EU investigations team to probe possible international crimes committed in Ukraine, the EU\'s judicial cooperation agency said Monday. It will mark the first time the Hague-based ICC – set up in 2002 as an independent tribunal to probe the world\'s worst crimes – will take part in a joint investigation with other countries. Follow the day\'s events as they unfolded on our liveblog. All times are in Paris time (GMT+2).\n\nAdvertising Read more\n\nThis live page is no longer being updated. For more of our coverage of the war in Ukraine, click here.\n\n04:36am: Pressure mounts on Germany’s Schroeder over Russia ties\n\nPressure was growing Monday inside Germany’s Social Democratic Party (SPD) to expel their former leader and ex-chancellor Gerhard Schroeder over his apparent refusal to renounce his business ties with Russia.\n\nSchroeder, who is a lobbyist for Russian gas and has close ties to Russian President Vladimir Putin, sparked fresh outrage following remarks in an interview with the New York Times published this weekend.\n\nUnrepentant over his business links with Russia, he told the newspaper: “I don’t do mea culpa. It’s not my thing.”\n\nSPD co-president Saskia Esken was asked in an interview with state radio whether Schroeder should quit the party.\n\n“I think he should,” she replied. The party was currently examining 14 motions to have its former leader expelled, she told journalists later, adding that the final decision would come down to the party’s arbitration body.\n\nBut she also told journalists: “He makes his money working for Russian state businesses… Gerhard Schroeder has for many years been a businessman, and we should stop seeing him as a former honourable leader, a former chancellor.”\n\nThomas Kutschaty, another senior party figure, was equally scathing.\n\n“He has to choose,” he told Welt TV. “Either he keeps supporting Putin, or he is a member of the Social Democrats, but the two are not compatible.\n\nFRANCE 24’s Joseph Keen reports:\n\n01:21\n\n03:10am: Britain to lift all tariffs on Ukrainian imports\n\nAll tariffs on goods coming to Britain from Ukraine under an existing free trade deal will be axed to help the Ukrainian economy, the British government announced on Monday.\n\nLondon said tariffs would be reduced to zero and all quotas removed following a direct request from Ukraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky, saying the move would provide a boost for Ukrainian businesses involved in key exports such as barley, honey, tinned tomatoes and poultry.\n\n“We stand unwaveringly with Ukraine in this ongoing fight and will work to ensure Ukraine survives and thrives as a free and sovereign nation,” said British International Trade Secretary Anne-Marie Trevelyan.\n\nBritain said currently the average tariff on Ukrainian imports was about 22 percent. It said the planned change had been offered on a non-reciprocal basis, but Kyiv was likely to match the British action.\n\nAdditionally, the British government said it would also impose further export bans on products to Russia, including cash, maritime goods and technology, and energy-related goods. Last week, it ramped up sanctions on luxury goods including caviar, silver and diamonds.\n\n01:59am: US hosts Ukraine talks in Germany as war enters critical phase\n\nThe United States will host an expected gathering of more than 40 countries on Tuesday for Ukraine-related defense talks that will focus on arming Kyiv so it can defend against an unfolding and potentially decisive Russian onslaught in the east, US officials said.\n\nUS Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin is holding the event at Ramstein Air Base in Germany following a trip to Kyiv where he pledged additional support to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky’s war effort.\n\nUS Army General Mark Milley, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said a key goal of the talks was to synchronize and coordinate mounting security assistance to Kyiv that includes heavy weaponry, like howitzer artillery, as well armed drones and ammunition.\n\n“The next several weeks will be very, very critical,” Milley told reporters travelling with him. “They need continued support in order to be successful on the battlefield. And that’s really the purpose of this conference.”\n\nApril 26, 12:17am: Russia says NATO engaging in ‘proxy’ war in Ukraine, arms shipments legitimate targets\n\nDeliveries of Western weaponry to Ukraine mean that the NATO alliance is “in essence engaged in war with Russia” and Moscow views these weapons as legitimate targets, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said in an interview aired on Monday.\n\n“These weapons will be a legitimate target for Russia’s military acting within the context of the special operation,” Lavrov told state television in an interview posted on the foreign ministry’s website.\n\n“Storage facilities in western Ukraine have been targeted more than once (by Russian forces). How can it be otherwise?” Lavrov said. “NATO, in essence, is engaged in a war with Russia through a proxy and is arming that proxy. War means war.”\n\n11:34pm: US Senate leader expects ‘swift’ action on next round of military funding to Ukraine\n\nUS Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer on Monday said he expected “swift, bipartisan” passage of another bill to aid Ukraine in its fight against Russia once President Joe Biden submits a new funding request.\n\nWhile Schumer did not provide any details on the possible size of such a package, he said, “We must continue helping the people of Ukraine in their fight against Russian aggression” and “I expect swift bipartisan cooperation to get it done.”\n\n11:25pm: UK says Russian invasion likely to cut Ukraine’s grain harvest by 20 percent this year\n\nThe Russian invasion of Ukraine has significantly disrupted Ukrainian agricultural production, the UK’s ministry of defence tweeted in a regular bulletin on Monday.\n\n“Ukrainian grain harvest for 2022 is likely to be around 20% lower than 2021 due to reduced sowing areas following invasion,” it said.\n\nThe reduced grain supply from Ukraine will generate inflationary pressures, elevating the global price of grain, British military intelligence said.\n\nLatest Defence Intelligence update on the situation in Ukraine - 25 April 2022 Find out more about the UK government\'s response: https://t.co/GTz05lanun 🇺🇦 #StandWithUkraine 🇺🇦 pic.twitter.com/cTCajm8Y7p — Ministry of Defence 🇬🇧 (@DefenceHQ) April 25, 2022\n\n10:50pm: Russia\'s Lavrov says military situation to determine any agreement with Ukraine\n\nRussian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Monday that the Ukrainian conflict will end with an agreement but its content will depend on the military situation.\n\nOf the ongoing conflict in Ukraine, Lavrov told Russian news agencies that he was confident that “everything will of course finish with the signing of an accord.\n\n“But the parameters of this accord will be defined by the state of the fighting that will have taken place at the moment the accord becomes reality,” he added.\n\nLavrov also told Russian state television in an interview that Kyiv was only imitating negotiations, according to a transcript published on the foreign ministry’s website.\n\n9:57pm: White House says more sanctions against Russia likely\n\nThe United States is likely to impose more economic sanctions against Russia over its invasion of Ukraine and “no one is safe from our sanctions”, White House press secretary Jen Psaki said on Monday.\n\nPsaki would not comment specifically on a Wall Street Journal report that the reported mother of three of Russian President Vladimir Putin’s children had so far not been sanctioned to avoid riling Putin.\n\n6:55pm: United Kingdom to ship missile launch vehicles to Ukraine\n\nBritain is to send to Ukraine armoured vehicles able to fire missiles against invading Russian aircraft, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said on Monday.\n\nUkrainian forces have been using UK-donated Starstreak high velocity and low velocity missiles against Russian forces for over three weeks, he told parliament.\n\n"We shall be gifting a small number of armoured vehicles fitted with launchers for those anti-air missiles," Wallace said.\n\n"These Stormer vehicles will give Ukraine forces enhanced short-range anti-air capabilities both day and night."\n\nFears of escalating the conflict mean that NATO members including Britain are limited in what military hardware they can send to Ukraine.\n\nWallace said Britain\'s military contribution so far included 5,000 anti-tank missiles, five air defence systems with over 100 missiles and 4.5 tonnes of plastic explosive.\n\n5:03pm: ICC prosecutor to join EU team investigating crimes in Ukraine\n\nThe International Criminal Court\'s chief prosecutor will join an EU investigations team to probe possible international crimes committed in Ukraine, the EU\'s judicial cooperation agency said Monday.\n\nIt will be the first time the Hague-based ICC—set up in 2002 as an independent tribunal to probe the world\'s worst crimes—will take part in a joint investigation with other countries.\n\n"The Office of the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court (ICC) in The Hague will become a participant in the joint investigation team (JIT) on alleged core international crimes committed in Ukraine," Eurojust said in a statement.\n\nChief prosecutor Karim Khan has signed an agreement with prosecutors general of Lithuania, Poland and Ukraine to take part in a joint investigative team to look into possible war crimes and crimes against humanity committed since Russia\'s invasion on February 24.\n\nThe agreement "aims to facilitate investigations and prosecutions in the concerned states as well as those that could be taken forward before the ICC", the Hague-based Eurojust said.\n\nBrussels too supported the move, proposing to broaden Eurojust\'s mandate to allow the agency to "collect, preserve and share evidence of war crimes" to help bolster the probe in Ukraine\n\n4:02pm: Kyiv says Russian strikes on rail infrastructure kill 5 in central Ukraine\n\nAt least five people were killed and another 18 injured on Monday in Russian strikes on railway infrastructure in the central Ukraine region of Vinnytsia, Kyiv said.\n\n"Preliminary information shows that five people died and 18 were injured. Rescue operations are under way, investigators, prosecutors and other services are working at the scene," the office of the Ukrainian prosecutor general said in a statement on social media.\n\n3:37pm: Ukraine war has consequences for Asia, EU chief warns neutral India\n\nRussia\'s invasion of Ukraine threatens India\'s regional security, the European Union chief Ursula von der Leyen said Monday during a trip to New Delhi aimed at fostering deeper strategic ties.\n\nVon der Leyen is the latest visiting Western diplomat to press India, which gets most of its arms from Russia, over its neutral stance on the conflict.\n\nBoth the EU and India face challenges from a rising China, and von der Leyen raised the spectre of Beijing\'s partnership with Moscow to warn the war had consequences further afield than Europe.\n\n"The outcome of the war will not only determine the future of Europe but also deeply affect the Indo-Pacific region," she told an audience at the Raisina Dialogue, an annual geopolitical conference in New Delhi.\n\n"Russia and China have forged a seemingly unrestrained pact. They have declared that the friendship between them has \'no limits\'... What can we expect from the \'new international relations\' that both have called for?"\n\nVon der Leyen\'s trip to New Delhi follows several recent overtures from high-profile diplomatic guests seeking to lure India away from Russia.\n\n3:32pm: Russia expels 40 German diplomats\n\nRussia\'s foreign ministry said on Monday that it had declared 40 German diplomatic staff "personae non gratae" in a retaliatory move after Berlin expelled the same number of Russian diplomats.\n\nRussia\'s foreign ministry said in a statement that it had taken the decision after Germany on April 4 declared a "significant number" of officials at the Russian embassy in Berlin "undesirable".\n\nGermany announced the expulsion of 40 Russian diplomats on April 4 following mounting evidence of civilian killings and mass graves in Bucha, near the Ukrainian capital Kyiv.\n\n3:06pm: Another 45,000 people escape Ukraine amid war\n\nMore than 5.2 million Ukrainians have fled the country since Russia launched its invasion two months ago, with over 45,000 joining their ranks in the past 24 hours, the United Nations said Monday.\n\nIn total, 5,232,014 people have fled Ukraine as refugees since February 24, according to the latest data from the UN refugee agency, UNHCR.\n\nThat marks an increase of 45,270 over Sunday’s figure.\n\nThe outflow has slowed since the start of the war. Since the beginning of April, just under 1.2 million Ukrainians have fled the country, after some 3.4 million left in March.\n\nThe UN’s International Organization for Migration (IOM) said an additional 218,000 citizens of third countries—largely students and migrant workers—have also fled to neighbouring countries since the invasion began.\n\nWomen and children account for 90 percent of those who have fled abroad, with men aged 18 to 60 eligible for military call-up unable to leave.\n\nBeyond the refugees, the IOM estimates more than 7.7 million people have been displaced within Ukraine.\n\nAlmost two-thirds of Ukrainian children have had to flee their homes, including those who remain in the country.\n\n2:45pm: Visit by top US officials sign of improved security situation in Kyiv\n\nA visit by US Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Secretary of Defence Lloyd Austin to Kyiv on Sunday is a strong sign that the security situation in Ukraine\'s capital has improved. FRANCE 24\'s Gulliver Cragg reports.\n\n03:11 © France 24\n\n1:08pm: Biden nominates ambassador to Ukraine\n\nUS President Joe Biden has nominated Bridget Brink, the current ambassador to Slovakia, to be the new US ambassador to Ukraine, according to a White House statement.\n\nA foreign service career member, Brink has previously worked at the US embassies in Uzbekistan and Georgia.\n\nThe position must be confirmed by the US Senate.\n\nThe announcement came a day after US Secretary of State Antony Blinken promised a renewed diplomatic push between Washington and Kyiv during his visit to Ukraine.\n\nBlinken said the small staff from the now-shuttered US Embassy in Kyiv, which has relocated to Poland from temporary offices in the western Ukrainian city of Lviv, would begin making day trips to Lviv in the coming days.Though several European countries have already reopened their embassies in Kyiv, the return will be gradual for US diplomats, said Blinken.\n\n1:05pm: Putin accuses West of trying to murder Russian journalists\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin has accused the West of trying to murder Russian journalists and claimed the country’s intelligence agency, the Federal Security Service (FSB), had thwarted one such attempt on a TV reporter.\n\nSpeaking on state television, Putin accused foreign special forces, including the CIA, of attempting to advise Kyiv on the murder of Russian journalists.\n\nPutin did not, however, provide evidence to support his claim.\n\n12:32pm: Ukraine denies any deal of ceasefire near Azovstal plant\n\nUkrainian authorities denied that there had been any agreement on a humanitarian corridor despite an announcement from Russia.\n\n“It is important to understand that a humanitarian corridor opens by the agreement of both sides," Deputy Prime Minister Iryna Vereshschuk said on the Telegram messaging app. "A corridor announced unilaterally does not provide security, and therefore is not a humanitarian corridor."\n\nRussia\'s defence ministry on Monday announced a ceasefire around the Azovstal steel plant in Mariupol to allow a civilian evacuation from the industrial area that has been sheltering the remaining Ukrainian resistance in the port city.\n\nRussian troops "from 14:00 Moscow time (1100 GMT) on April 25, 2022, will unilaterally stop any hostilities, withdraw units to a safe distance and ensure the withdrawal of" civilians, the defence ministry said in a statement.\n\n10:36am: Russian rockets hit Vinnytsia region, deaths reported: governor\n\nRussia fired rockets at two towns in Ukraine\'s central Vinnytsia region, causing an unspecified number of deaths and injuries, regional Governor Serhiy Borzov reported.\n\n"Today, Vinnytsia region is once again under rocket fire (in) the towns of Zhmerynka and Kozyatyn. The enemy is attempting to hit critical infrastructure," Borzov said in a video released on the Telegram messaging app.\n\nRussia did not immediately comment on his remarks.\n\n10:29am: Russia strikes Ukrainian oil depot, defence ministry says\n\nRussia struck Ukraine\'s Kremenchuk oil refinery with long-range missiles, according to the Russian defence ministry.\n\n"High-precision long-range weapons destroyed fuel production facilities at an oil refinery on the northern outskirts of the city of Kremenchuk, as well as petroleum products storage facilities which fuelled military equipment for Ukrainian troops," the ministry said.\n\nThe governor of the the Poltava region where Kremenchuk is based had said the refinery was destroyed earlier this month.\n\n9:25am: Five railway stations come under fire: Ukrainian state rail company\n\nFive railway stations came under fire in western and central Ukraine on Monday morning, causing an unspecified number of casualties, Ukrainian television quoted state-run Ukrainian Railways as saying.\n\nOleksander Kamyshin, the company\'s chief, said the attacks took place in the space of an hour and details were being checked.\n\n9:08am: US wants Russia \'weakened\' so it cannot invade again: Austin\n\nThe US wants Russia\'s military capability weakened so that it cannot carry out another invasion, US Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin told journalists after returning from a trip to Kyiv.\n\n"We want to see Russia weakened to the degree that it can\'t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine," Austin told a group of journalists in Poland.\n\nAustin also said Ukraine can win the war against Russia if it had the right equipment. "The first step in winning is believing that you can win. And so they believe that we can win," he said. "We believe that we can win, they can win if they have the right equipment, the right support."\n\n7:41am: UK says Russia made minor advances in Ukraine after its shift to Donbas\n\nRussia has made minor advances in some areas since shifting its focus to fully occupying the eastern Donbas region, the UK\'s Ministry of Defence has tweeted.\n\n"Without sufficient logistical and combat support enablers in place, Russia has yet to achieve a significant breakthrough," it said.\n\nUkraine\'s defence of the southern city of Mariupol has also exhausted many Russian units and reduced their combat effectiveness, British military intelligence said.\n\nLatest Defence Intelligence update on the situation in Ukraine - 25 April 2022\n\n\n\nFind out more about the UK government\'s response: https://t.co/7NVrOfB161\n\n\n\n🇺🇦 #StandWithUkraine 🇺🇦 pic.twitter.com/OfcnHgGfR3 — Ministry of Defence 🇬🇧 (@DefenceHQ) April 25, 2022\n\n6:41am: US aid to Ukraine and neighbours, diplomatic presence in Kyiv\n\nDuring their visit to Kyiv on Sunday – the highest-level US visit since the Russian invasion on February 24 – Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin told Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and his advisers that the US would provide more than $300 million in foreign military financing and had approved a $165 million sale of ammunition.\n\nMoney will also go to Ukraine\'s regional allies who need to resupply after sending weapons to their neighbour.\n\nThey also said US President Joe Biden would soon announce his nominee for ambassador to Ukraine and that US diplomats who left Ukraine before the war would start returning to the country this coming week. The US embassy in Kyiv will remain closed for the moment.\n\nBlinken said Biden in the coming days planned to nominate the current US ambassador to Slovakia, Bridget Brink, as the new ambassador to Kyiv, a post that has been officially empty since 2019.\n\nThough several European countries have already reopened their embassies in Kyiv, the return will be gradual for American diplomats, according to a State Department official.\n\n"Since the start of hostilities, we\'ve had a team across the border in Poland who\'s been handling this work for us," the official told reporters waiting for Blinken and Austin on the Polish side of the border.\n\n"Starting this week, members of that team will be able to do day trips instead into Ukraine," he said. "Ultimately, (they will) resume presence in Kyiv."\n\nApril 25, 12:24am: Zelensky congratulates France’s Macron on reelection\n\nUkraine’s President Volodymyr Zelensky congratulated French President Emmanuel Macron on his re-election, saying the French president was a “true friend”.\n\n“Congratulations to the President and a true friend @EmmanuelMacron on the election victory,” Zelensky wrote in French on his Twitter account in the early hours on Monday.\n\n“I wish Emmanuel Macron new successes for the benefit of the French people. I appreciate the support of France and I am convinced: We are stepping together to new common victories! To a strong and united Europe!”\n\nFélicitations à @EmmanuelMacron, un vrai ami de l’Ukraine, pour sa réélection! Je lui souhaite de nouveaux succès pour le bien du peuple 🇫🇷. J\'apprécie son soutien et je suis convaincu que nous avançons ensemble vers de nouvelles victoires communes. Vers une Europe forte et unie! — Володимир Зеленський (@ZelenskyyUa) April 24, 2022\n\n(FRANCE 24 with AFP, AP and REUTERS)\n\nDaily newsletterReceive essential international news every morning Subscribe', 'image': 'https://s.france24.com/media/display/38cf0db0-c4af-11ec-b65b-005056bf8594/w:1280/p:16x9/2022-04-25T120048Z_1164771255_RC2KTT9PE0FZ_RTRMADP_3_UKRAINE-CRISIS-SNAPSHOT.JPG', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:04'}
{'title': "Russia is failing, Ukraine is succeeding, says US's Blinken", 'keywords': ['ukrainian', 'million', 'mr', 'succeeding', 'defence', 'officials', 'military', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0333, 'subjectivity': 0.2929, 'link': 'https://jerseyeveningpost.com/uncategorised/2022/04/25/russia-is-failing-ukraine-is-succeeding-says-uss-blinken/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:53', 'summary': 'US secretary of state Antony Blinken has said Russia is failing in its war aims and “Ukraine is succeeding”.\nMr Blinken told reporters near the Polish-Ukrainian border on Monday: “We had an opportunity to demonstrate directly our strong ongoing support for the Ukrainian government and the Ukrainian people.\nAn estimated 1,000 civilians are also sheltering in the steelworks, and the Russian military pledged to open a humanitarian corridor on Monday for them to leave.\nMr Biden has accused Russian President Vladimir Putin of genocide for the destruction and death wrought on Ukraine.\n(PA Graphics)From Poland, Mr Blinken plans to return to Washington while Mr Austin will head to Ramstein in Germany for a meeting Tuesday of Nato defence ministers and other donor countries.', 'channel': 'jerseyeveningpost.com', 'text': 'US secretary of state Antony Blinken has said Russia is failing in its war aims and “Ukraine is succeeding”.\n\nHis secrecy-shrouded visit to Kyiv along with defence secretary Lloyd Austin was the highest-level American visit to the capital since Russia invaded in late February.\n\nThey told Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky and his advisers that the US will provide more than 300 million dollars (£234 million) in foreign military financing and had approved a 165 million dollar (£128 million) sale of ammunition.\n\nMr Blinken told reporters near the Polish-Ukrainian border on Monday: “We had an opportunity to demonstrate directly our strong ongoing support for the Ukrainian government and the Ukrainian people. This was, in our judgment, an important moment to be there to have face-to-face conversations in detail.”\n\nSpeaking in Monday’s video address, he said the US is offering “powerful” support to his country. Mr Zelensky added that they agreed “on further steps to strengthen the armed forces of Ukraine and meet all the priority needs of our army”.\n\nHe noted that ramping up sanctions against Moscow was also on the meeting’s agenda.\n\nMr Austin said Mr Zelensky’s response to the aid was deep appreciation for what was being given but “he has the mindset that they want to win and we have the mindset that we want to help them win”.\n\nThe talks came as Russia unleashed a string of attacks against Ukrainian rail and fuel facilities on Monday, striking crucial infrastructure far from the front line of its eastern offensive, which Britain said has yet to achieve a significant breakthrough.\n\nUS Defence Secretary Lloyd Austin, third from left, and Secretary of State Antony Blinken, forth from left, meet Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky, fourth from right, in Kyiv (Ukrainian Presidential Press Office/AP)\n\nWhen Russia invaded on February 24, its apparent goal was a lightning offensive that would quickly take the capital and perhaps even topple the government in Kyiv. But the Ukrainians, aided by Western weapons, bogged down President Vladimir Putin’s troops and thwarted their push to Kyiv.\n\nMoscow now says its focus is in the eastern region of the Donbas, but one senior military official says it also wants to control southern Ukraine. While both sides said the campaign in the east has begun, it has yet to gather steam.\n\nA small group of Ukrainian troops holed up in a steel plant in the strategic city of Mariupol are tying down Russian forces, and keeping them from being added to the offensive elsewhere in the Donbas, Britain’s Ministry of Defence said on Monday.\n\nOver the weekend, Russian forces launched fresh air strikes on the steel plant in an attempt to dislodge the estimated 2,000 fighters inside. An estimated 1,000 civilians are also sheltering in the steelworks, and the Russian military pledged to open a humanitarian corridor on Monday for them to leave.\n\nRussian tanks roll along a street in an area controlled by Russian-backed separatist forces in Mariupol, Ukraine (Alexei Alexandrov/AP)\n\nBut for now, the British Defence Ministry said that Ukrainian forces have repelled numerous assaults in the past week and “inflicted significant cost on Russian forces”. It said, so far, Russia has “yet to achieve a significant breakthrough” since shifting its focus to the Donbas.\n\nInstead, Russian missiles and war planes struck far behind the front line of that offensive on Monday.\n\nOleksandr Kamyshin, the head of the state-run Ukrainian Railways, said five railway facilities in central and western Ukraine were hit on Monday, including a missile attack near the western city of Lviv.\n\nSerhiy Borzov, the governor of Ukraine’s central Vinnytsia region, said there were casualties after rocket strikes targeting “critical infrastructure”. It was not clear if that referred to the attacks on the railways.\n\nSmoke rises from oil storage facilities hit by fire in Bryansk, Russia (Anonymous source via AP)\n\nMeanwhile, a major fire erupted early Monday at an oil depot in a Russian city about 60 miles from the Ukrainian border, Russia’s Emergencies Ministry said. No cause was given for the blaze.\n\nThe oil depot in Bryansk is owned by a subsidiary of the Russian state-controlled company Transneft, which operates the Druzhba pipeline that carries crude west to other European countries.\n\nA Russian news report said that another oil storage facility in Bryansk also caught fire early Monday.\n\nIn footage later released by the Ukrainian presidency of the meeting with top US officials, Mr Blinken praised the “extraordinary courage and leadership and success that you’ve had in pushing back this horrific Russian aggression”.\n\nMr Austin said at the news conference that “the world has been inspired” by Ukraine in the war and that America will continue its support. “What you’ve done in repelling the Russians in the Battle of Kyiv is extraordinary,” he said.\n\nMr Zelensky had announced on Saturday that he would meet the US officials in Kyiv on Sunday, but Joe Biden’s administration refused to confirm that and declined to discuss details of a possible visit even though planning had been under way for more than a week.\n\nJournalists who travelled to Poland with Mr Austin and Mr Blinken were barred from reporting on the trip until it ended, were not allowed to accompany them on their overland journey into Ukraine, and were prohibited from specifying where in south-east Poland they waited for the Cabinet members to return. Officials at the State Department and the Pentagon cited security concerns.\n\nUkrainian President Volodymyr had urged the Americans not to go empty-handed (Ukrainian Presidential Press Office/AP)\n\nSuch financing is different from previous US military assistance for Ukraine. It is not a donation of drawn-down US Defence Department stockpiles, but rather cash that countries can use to purchase supplies that they might need.\n\nThe new money, along with the sale of 165 million dollars (£128 million) in non-US made ammunition that is compatible with Soviet-era weapons the Ukrainians use, takes the total amount of American military assistance to Ukraine to 3.7 billion dollars (£2.9 billion) since the invasion, officials said.\n\nUS officials said they believed the new assistance would satisfy at least some of the Ukrainians’ urgent pleas for more help. New artillery, including howitzers, continues to be delivered at a rapid pace to Ukraine’s military, which is being trained on its use in neighbouring countries, the officials said.\n\nUS Secretary of State Antony Blinken boards a plane to return to Washington (Alex Brandon/Pool/AP)\n\nMs Brink, a career foreign service officer, has served since 2019 as ambassador to Slovakia. She previously held assignments in Serbia, Cyprus, Georgia and Uzbekistan as well as with the White House National Security Council. The post requires confirmation by the US Senate.\n\nMr Blinken also told Ukraine’s foreign minister that the small staff from the US embassy in Kyiv, which has relocated to Poland from temporary offices in the western Ukrainian city of Lviv, will begin making day trips to Lviv in the coming days.\n\nOfficials said the US had accelerated its review of security conditions in the capital and that the State Department will reopen the embassy there as soon as the situation allows.\n\nMr Biden has accused Russian President Vladimir Putin of genocide for the destruction and death wrought on Ukraine. On Thursday, the US leader said he would provide a new package of 800 million dollars (£623 million) in military aid to Ukraine that included heavy artillery and drones.\n\n(PA Graphics)\n\nFrom Poland, Mr Blinken plans to return to Washington while Mr Austin will head to Ramstein in Germany for a meeting Tuesday of Nato defence ministers and other donor countries.\n\nThat discussion will look at battlefield updates from the ground, additional security assistance for Ukraine and longer-term defence needs in Europe, including how to step up military production to fill gaps caused by the war in Ukraine, officials said. More than 20 nations are expected to send representatives to the meeting.', 'image': 'https://jerseyeveningpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/25144250/Img33212545-4.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:53'}
{'title': 'ukraine: Russia pounds eastern Ukraine as West promises Kyiv new arms', 'keywords': ['russias', 'troops', 'kyiv', 'donbas', 'ukrainian', 'region', 'ukraine', 'russia', 'defense', 'west', 'moscow', 'russian'], 'polarity': -0.0386, 'subjectivity': 0.3035, 'link': 'https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/europe/russia-pounds-eastern-ukraine-as-west-promises-kyiv-new-arms/articleshow/91100364.cms', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:48', 'summary': 'Germany announced it cleared the way for delivery of Gepard anti-aircraft guns to Ukraine.\n"After fierce defense by Ukrainian forces thwarted Russia\'s attempt to take Ukraine\'s capital early in the war, Moscow now says its focus is the Donbas, the mostly Russian-speaking industrial region in eastern Ukraine.\nDefense Secretary Ben Wallace said 25 per cent of the Russian combat units sent to Ukraine "have been rendered not combat effective.\n"Ukrainian officials have said about 2,500 to 3,000 Ukrainian troops had been killed as of mid-April.\nThe West hopes that boosting arms supplies will help remaining fighters repel Russia\'s invasion.', 'channel': 'timesofindia.indiatimes.com', 'text': 'TORETSK: Russia pounded eastern Ukraine on Tuesday as the US defense secretary promised to "keep moving heaven and earth" to get Kyiv the weapons it needs to repel the new offensive even as Moscow warned such support risked widening the war.Two months into the devastating conflict, Western arms have already helped Ukraine stall Russia\'s invasion but its leaders have said they need more support fast.US Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin said that help was on the way, as he convened a meeting of officials from around 40 countries at the United States\' Ramstein Air Base in Germany to pledge more weapons. Germany announced it cleared the way for delivery of Gepard anti-aircraft guns to Ukraine."This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said in his opening remarks. He added that he wanted officials to leave the meeting "with a common and transparent understanding of Ukraine\'s near-term security requirements because we\'re going to keep moving heaven and earth so that we can meet them."After fierce defense by Ukrainian forces thwarted Russia\'s attempt to take Ukraine\'s capital early in the war, Moscow now says its focus is the Donbas, the mostly Russian-speaking industrial region in eastern Ukraine. That move is already having a devastating effect on civilians trapped in the conflict.In the small city of Toretsk, residents are struggling to survive, collecting rainwater for cleaning and washing up and fervently hoping for an end to the fighting. "It\'s bad. Very bad. Hopeless," said Andriy Cheromushkin. "You feel so helpless that you don\'t know what you should do or shouldn\'t do. Because if you want to do something, you need some money; and there is no money now."With the potentially pivotal battle for the Donbas underway, the US and its Nato allies are scrambling to get artillery and other heavy weaponry to that area in time to make a difference.German Defense Minister Christine Lambrecht said her government decided on Monday to clear the delivery of Gepard self-propelled armored anti-aircraft guns to Ukraine, though she didn\'t give details. German Chancellor Olaf Scholz has faced mounting pressure, including from within his governing coalition, to approve sending heavy weapons such as tanks and other armored vehicles to Ukraine.Austin also noted Tuesday that more than 30 allies and partners have joined the US in sending security assistance to Ukraine and more than $5 billion worth of equipment committed.The meeting in Germany comes after Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov , speaking on Russian television, warned weapons supplied by Western countries "will be a legitimate target," and accused Nato of "pouring oil on the fire" with its support for Ukraine, according to a transcript on the Russian Foreign Ministry\'s website.Lavrov also warned against provoking World War III and said the threat of a nuclear conflict "should not be underestimated." Russian President Vladimir Putin has cited Nato\'s expansion and the risk that Kyiv could join the alliance as reasons for his invasion.UK Armed Forces Minister James Heappey rejected Lavrov\'s accusations of Nato aggression as "utter nonsense." He said "the reason there is a war in Ukraine right now is because Russia rolled over the borders of a sovereign country and started to invade their territory."Heappey also said Russia was making "unsound" military decisions and giving away tactical advantages because of Putin\'s desire to secure some kind of victory by May 9, when Russia marks its victory in World War II.Amid the talk of arms shipments, diplomatic efforts to seek an end to the fighting also continued. United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres met Lavrov on Tuesday and called again for a cease-fire. The UN chief is scheduled to meet Putin later.Elsewhere, International Atomic Energy Agency Director General Rafael Mariano Grossi visited the Chernobyl nuclear plant to deliver equipment, conduct radiological assessments and restore safeguards monitoring systems after tanks and troops churned up highly contaminated soil there in the early hours of Russia\'s invasion in February. His visit comes on the anniversary of the disaster at the plant in 1986, the world\'s worst nuclear accident.In its latest assessment of the fighting, the British Defense Ministry reported Russian advances and heavy fighting in the Donbas region, with one town, Kreminna, reportedly falling after days of street-to-street fighting.Ukraine\'s General Staff said Russian forces shelled Kharkiv, the country\'s second-largest city that lies outside the Donbas but has seen significant attacks as Moscow seeks full control of the region. Ukrainian forces struck back in the Kherson region in the south.A senior Russian military official has said that Russia\'s goal is full control of Ukraine\'s east and south, which would give it a swath of land that lies between Russia and Crimea, which Moscow seized in 2014.Four people died and nine more were wounded on Monday in the Russian shelling of the Donetsk region of the Donbas, its governor Pavlo Kyrylenko said on Telegram. He said a 9-year-old girl and a 14-year-old boy were among those killed.The city council and mayor of Mariupol said a new mass grave was identified about 10 kilometers (6 miles) north of the port city, which is key to the battle of the Donbas. Mayor Vadym Boychenko said authorities were trying to estimate the number of victims. It was at least the third new mass grave discovered in Russian-controlled areas near Mariupol in the last week.Mariupol has been gutted by bombardment and fierce street fighting over the past two months. Russia\'s capture of the city, where an estimated 2,000 Ukrainian troops and some 1,000 civilians are reportedly sheltering in a sprawling steel works, would deprive Ukraine of a vital port, help complete the land corridor to Crimea and free up troops to redeploy elsewhere in the Donbas.Britain said it believes 15,000 Russian troops have been killed in Ukraine since Russia\'s invasion began - far above the 1,351 deaths acknowledged by Moscow. Defense Secretary Ben Wallace said 25 per cent of the Russian combat units sent to Ukraine "have been rendered not combat effective."Ukrainian officials have said about 2,500 to 3,000 Ukrainian troops had been killed as of mid-April. The West hopes that boosting arms supplies will help remaining fighters repel Russia\'s invasion. As he opened the meeting in Germany, Austin sought to reassure Kyiv: "We know, and you should know, that all of us have your back and that\'s why we\'re here today - to strengthen the arsenal of Ukrainian democracy."', 'image': 'https://static.toiimg.com/thumb/msid-91101322,width-1070,height-580,imgsize-62954,resizemode-75,overlay-toi_sw,pt-32,y_pad-40/photo.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:48'}
{'title': "Kremlin: Danger of Nuclear War ‘Serious, Real'", 'keywords': ['danger', 'austin', 'ukraine', 'russia', 'proxy', 'defense', 'secretary', 'nuclear', 'nato', 'military'], 'polarity': 0.0385, 'subjectivity': 0.3156, 'link': 'https://www.theepochtimes.com/kremlin-danger-of-nuclear-war-serious-real_4428562.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:49', 'summary': '(Evelyn Hockstein/Pool/AFP via Getty Images)Kremlin: Danger of Nuclear War ‘Serious, Real’NATO Engaging War With Russia Using Ukraine as a Proxy, Russia SaysThe Kremlin criticized the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) for engaging in a proxy war with Russia through Ukraine.\n“If NATO essentially engages in war with Russia through a proxy and is arming that proxy, war means war,” Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said in a wide-ranging interview broadcast on Russian state television on Monday.\nLavrov claimed that the risk of a nuclear war is “considerable” now.\nU.S. Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin responded Tuesday that threats of the war in Ukraine escalating into a nuclear conflict are “very dangerous and unhelpful.”“Nobody wants to see a nuclear war happen.\n“We want to see Russia weakened to the degree that it can’t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine,” Austin told reporters, according to a transcript.', 'channel': 'theepochtimes.com', 'text': 'British Prime Minister Boris Johnson (L) and President Joe Biden (C) listen as NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg (C/R) addresses a North Atlantic Council meeting during an extrordinary summit at NATO Headquarters in Brussels on March 24, 2022. (Evelyn Hockstein/Pool/AFP via Getty Images)\n\nKremlin: Danger of Nuclear War ‘Serious, Real’\n\nNATO Engaging War With Russia Using Ukraine as a Proxy, Russia Says\n\nThe Kremlin criticized the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) for engaging in a proxy war with Russia through Ukraine.\n\n“If NATO essentially engages in war with Russia through a proxy and is arming that proxy, war means war,” Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said in a wide-ranging interview broadcast on Russian state television on Monday.\n\nHe repeated Russia’s stance that it is legitimate to target weapons provided by Ukraine’s Western allies.\n\nLavrov claimed that the risk of a nuclear war is “considerable” now.\n\n“I would not want to elevate those risks artificially. Many would like that. The danger is serious, real. And we must not underestimate it,” he said.\n\nU.S. Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin responded Tuesday that threats of the war in Ukraine escalating into a nuclear conflict are “very dangerous and unhelpful.”\n\n“Nobody wants to see a nuclear war happen. It’s a war that all sides lose,” Austin said. “And so rattling of sabers and, you know, dangerous rhetoric is clearly unhelpful and something that we won’t engage in.”\n\nU.S. Secretary of Defense Lloyd Austin speaks with reporters after returning from their trip to Kyiv and meeting with Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, near the Ukraine border, in Poland, on April 25, 2022. (Alex Brandon/Pool via Reuters)\n\nMoscow’s warning came as NATO members are providing more and deadlier weapons to Ukraine to confront Russia in the east and south where the two countries have been involved in disputes for years.\n\nGermany confirmed Tuesday that it will provide “Gepard” anti-aircraft tanks to Ukraine in a notable policy shift.\n\n“Yesterday we decided that Germany will make the delivery of ‘Gepard’ anti-aircraft tanks possible to Ukraine,” German Defense Minister Christina Lambrecht said in a transcript of her speech seen by Deutsche Welle.\n\nA technician uses a welder’s torch to cut parts off a Gepard antiaircraft cannon tank that once belonged to the Bundeswehr at the Battle Tank Dismantling GmbH Koch in Edeleben, Germany, on April 23, 2014. Since the early 1990s, the company has dismantled over 15,000 tanks and other armored vehicles, from German, Austrian, French, and other European arsenals, as many nations reduce their military forces in accordance with the Conventional Armed Forces in Europe Treaty. (Jens Schlueter/Getty Images)\n\nPresident Joe Biden announced on April 21 an extra $800 million in military aid to Ukraine.\n\nSome heavy artillery weapons—72 155mm Howitzers and 144,000 rounds of ammunition—were listed in the package disclosed by Biden on Thursday along with 72 tactical vehicles to tow 155mm Howitzers, over 122 Phoenix Ghost Tactical Unmanned Aerial Systems, and other field equipment and spare parts.\n\nWestern countries are also providing training in Poland, Germany, and the United States.\n\nThe Biden administration said Monday that it wants Russia’s military to be weakened to the extent of not being able to launch an invasion similar to the one in Ukrainian.\n\nWhen asked about the United States’ “goals for success” amid the conflict, Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin responded, “Ukraine remains a sovereign country, a democratic country, able to protect its sovereign territory.” But then he told reporters that he wants to see Russia’s military capacity diminished.\n\n“It has already lost a lot of military capability and a lot of its troops, quite frankly, and we want to see them not have the capability to very quickly reproduce that capability,” Austin added.\n\n“We want to see Russia weakened to the degree that it can’t do the kinds of things that it has done in invading Ukraine,” Austin told reporters, according to a transcript.\n\nReuters and Jack Phillips contributed to the report.', 'image': 'https://img.theepochtimes.com/assets/uploads/2022/03/24/nato-meeting-1200x824.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:49'}
{'title': 'Ukraine prepares war crimes charges against Russian military personnel, including pilots', 'keywords': ['crimes', 'suspects', 'kyiv', 'international', 'ukrainian', 'pilots', 'personnel', 'potential', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0356, 'subjectivity': 0.3434, 'link': 'https://www.reuters.com/world/europe/ukraine-prepares-war-crimes-charges-against-russian-military-personnel-including-2022-04-26/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:57', 'summary': 'Ukraine says it is investigating some 7,600 potential war crimes and at least 500 suspects following Russia\'s Feb. 24 invasion of its neighbour.\nUkraine’s probe is at the centre of multiple efforts to investigate potential war crimes related to the conflict, including by the ICC.\nread moreUkraine, which is conducting its investigation while still in the throes of war, is scrambling to assemble teams of specialists with war crimes expertise, evaluating potential crimes and developing its prosecution strategy.\nZera Kozlyieva, deputy head of the war crimes unit in the prosecutor general’s office, acknowledged that limited access due to ongoing hostilities and a shortage of war crimes specialists presented challenges.\nUkrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy has accused invading Russian troops of committing "the most terrible war crimes" since World War Two.', 'channel': 'reuters.com', 'text': 'SENSITIVE MATERIAL. THIS IMAGE MAY OFFEND OR DISTURB Forensic technicians exhume the bodies of civilians who Ukrainian officials say were killed during Russia’s invasion and then buried in a mass grave in the town of Bucha, outside Kyiv, Ukraine April 8, 2022. REUTERS/Valentyn Ogirenko\n\nApril 26 (Reuters) - (Note: Some images in this story may offend or disturb.)\n\nThree Russian pilots suspected of bombing civilian buildings in the Kharkiv and Sumy regions are among at least seven Russian military personnel that Kyiv is preparing war crimes charges against, the Ukrainian prosecutor general’s office told Reuters.\n\nIt said the other individuals include two operators of a rocket launcher who allegedly shelled settlements in the Kharkiv region and two army servicemen suspected of murdering a Kyiv area resident and raping his wife.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\nThe prosecutor’s office said it had notified the individuals that they are suspects and the investigations are ongoing, adding no charges had been filed with the court. It didn’t name the suspects or provide evidence to support the allegations. It said some of the suspects were held as captives, without specifying where, while other charges were being prepared in absentia.\n\nUkraine says it is investigating some 7,600 potential war crimes and at least 500 suspects following Russia\'s Feb. 24 invasion of its neighbour. Prosecutor General Iryna Venediktova told Reuters that many of those suspects are in Russia but some have been taken captive by Ukraine as prisoners of war. Speaking in an interview earlier this month, she said that her office intends to follow the chain of command up the Russian political and military hierarchy.\n\nVenediktova added that she plans to pursue prosecutions both in Ukrainian courts as well as at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, the world’s permanent war crimes tribunal.\n\nThe Kremlin and Russia’s defence ministry didn’t respond to requests for comment. Moscow has rejected allegations by Ukraine and Western nations of war crimes and has denied targeting civilians in what the Kremlin calls a "special military operation" to demilitarise its neighbour.\n\nUkraine’s probe is at the centre of multiple efforts to investigate potential war crimes related to the conflict, including by the ICC. The probes are at the very early stages, people familiar with them say. The ICC has sent an advance team to the region to establish operations. read more\n\nMoscow has accused Kyiv of genocide against Russian speakers, which Kyiv strongly denies. Russia has also opened criminal cases into Ukrainian servicemen\'s alleged torture of their Russian counterparts. read more\n\nUkraine, which is conducting its investigation while still in the throes of war, is scrambling to assemble teams of specialists with war crimes expertise, evaluating potential crimes and developing its prosecution strategy.\n\n”You can see they are now exhuming the bodies, so [the investigation is at a] very early stage," a person familiar with the process said. In terms of strategy, Kyiv plans to prosecute as much as it can in Ukrainian courts but would likely leave any cases involving higher-ranking figures to the ICC, the person added.\n\nThe UN has also established its own inquiry into possible violations of international humanitarian law in Ukraine, including possible war crimes, which could feed into any prosecutions by the ICC.\n\nThere is also a European Union-coordinated effort to fast track sharing of evidence between various investigating authorities, including with the ICC. Several European countries have said they will apply universal jurisdiction, the legal principle that some crimes are so terrible they can be heard by foreign national courts, and their prosecutors could launch investigations into Ukrainian atrocities.\n\nFor Ukraine, the immediate challenge is the sheer volume of potential evidence and witness testimony that needs to be secured and recorded in a way that is usable in court, legal specialists say. That includes vast amounts of digital imagery as well as material gathered on the ground.\n\nDavid Schwendiman, a former U.S. federal prosecutor who has also helped prosecute war crimes committed during the Balkan wars in the 1990s, praised Ukraine’s prosecutor general as talented and courageous but said the country doesn’t have experience of an investigation of this scale and will need outside help processing potential crime scenes in a way that meets international standards.\n\n“Every one of those bodies is a crime scene. Every one of those buildings is a crime scene. Every city is a crime scene,” Schwendiman said. Something as small as a piece of cloth torn from a uniform, an ammunition shell or even a ligature used to tie someone’s hands could help identify a particular unit involved and so needs to be carefully preserved, he added.\n\nZera Kozlyieva, deputy head of the war crimes unit in the prosecutor general’s office, acknowledged that limited access due to ongoing hostilities and a shortage of war crimes specialists presented challenges. Speaking Thursday on a panel at international affairs think tank Chatham House, she said that Kyiv is seeking help from international experts.\n\nImages of dead civilians in Ukraine, including of mass graves and bodies of bound civilians shot at close range, have prompted international outrage, with U.S. President Joe Biden calling for Russian President Vladimir Putin to be investigated for war crimes. Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy has accused invading Russian troops of committing "the most terrible war crimes" since World War Two.\n\nAccording to the United Nations, as of April 22 more than 2,400 civilians had been killed since the conflict began in late February. But the official count is likely to climb. In the port city of Mariupol alone, local authorities have said thousands of people have been killed. read more\n\nUnder international law, war crimes include intentionally targeting civilian populations, willfully killing or causing suffering, and widespread destruction among other serious violations of laws applicable in armed conflict. Individuals who commit such crimes can be prosecuted by international tribunals such as the ICC and by states.\n\nExperts for the Organization for Security and Cooperation and Europe (OSCE) nations said in a report published earlier this month that they found evidence of war crimes and crimes against humanity by Russia in Ukraine. The experts also said in the report that they’d found evidence of violations of international humanitarian law by Ukraine, particularly in its treatment of prisoners of war, but that Russia\'s violations "are by far larger in nature and scale."\n\nUkraine has said it checks all information regarding the treatment of prisoners of war, will investigate any violations and take appropriate legal action. Russia has said the report "is based solely on unfounded propaganda theses, contains references to dubious sources and logical stretches in the style of \'highly likely.\'"\n\nUKRAINE’S PROBE\n\nThe prosecutor general’s office had in recent years established a special unit to investigate potential crimes in Crimea, which Russia annexed in 2014 but Kyiv continues to claim as part of Ukraine, and Donbas.\n\nMoscow’s February invasion of its Western neighbour forced Kyiv to scale up what had been a relatively small team of prosecutors.\n\nVenediktova and her team have in recent weeks been evaluating sites where atrocities have taken place, including where Russian troops have recently withdrawn.\n\nOn April 12, Venediktova visited Bucha, near Kyiv, where French forensic experts had arrived to help Ukraine authorities establish what happened in the town where hundreds of bodies have been discovered. As the group from the French Gendarmerie\'s forensic science department looked on, workers in hazmat suits dug earth from a shallow grave and lifted out a heavy mass wrapped in an orange blanket. Citing witnesses, Venediktova said during the visit that the burnt body parts inside were those of a woman and her two children. read more\n\nRussia has said that images and footage of dead bodies strewn across Bucha were fake.\n\nVenediktova is also drawing on international legal expertise and seeking technical assistance. She has announced the formation of a task force of law firms and prominent international human rights lawyers, including Amal Clooney, to advise on securing accountability for Ukrainian victims in national jurisdictions as well as strategic guidance on cooperating with the ICC.\n\nVenediktova is in regular contact with Beth Van Schaack, Ambassador-at-Large for Global Criminal Justice in the U.S. State Department, who said the two have discussed what additional assistance Washington could provide. Van Schaack’s office has been helping to deploy specialists on the ground via a joint U.S.-European project.\n\nVan Schaack told Reuters that Venediktova’s requests for assistance include forensics expertise, such as helping determine how victims found in mass graves died and whether potential signs of torture were inflicted prior to death. Other requests include help identifying the type and origins of particular ballistics used as well as assistance clearing any mines left by Russians so that her investigators can safely access those areas.\n\nUkraine’s potentially biggest challenge, said Van Schaack, will be gaining custody of suspects, particularly those higher up the command chain. If they remain in Russia, they may “enjoy impunity for the rest of their days,” she said.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\nReporting by Anthony Deutsch in Amsterdam; additional reporting by Alessandra Prentice in Bucha, Pavel Polityuk in Kyiv, Max Hunder in London, Stephanie van den Berg in The Hague and Simon Lewis in Washington. Editing by Cassell Bryan-Low\n\nOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.', 'image': 'https://www.reuters.com/resizer/nDq-7CBfe_p85rog7ifJuxAmTCU=/1200x628/smart/filters:quality(80)/cloudfront-us-east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/AGSA2XYTQBKLTF6P7WL2RRRWUI.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:57'}
{'title': "At defence talks in Germany, U.S. says world galvanized against Russia's invasion", 'keywords': ['russias', 'ukraines', 'galvanized', 'states', 'invasion', 'ukrainian', 'weapons', 'defence', 'united', 'secretary', 'austin', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0622, 'subjectivity': 0.3479, 'link': 'https://www.reuters.com/world/us-hosts-ukraine-talks-germany-war-enters-critical-phase-2022-04-25/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:27', 'summary': 'Ukrainian Presidential Press Service/Handout via REUTERS/File PhotoRAMSTEIN AIR BASE, Germany, April 26 (Reuters) - The United States said the world was galvanized against Russia\'s two-month-old invasion of Ukraine as it hosted more than 40 countries for defence talks in Germany that sought to speed and synchronize the delivery of arms to Kyiv.\n"As we see this morning, nations from around the world stand united in our resolve to support Ukraine in its fight against Russia\'s imperial aggression," Austin said at the start of talks.\nGermany, for the first time, announced the delivery of heavy weapons to Ukraine.\nA large number of modern heavy weapons," Ukrainian Defence Minister Oleksii Reznikov said on Twitter after the talks.\nRussia\'s Feb. 24 invasion of Ukraine has claimed thousands of lives, displaced millions of people and raised fears of a wider confrontation between Russia and the United States - by far the world\'s two biggest nuclear powers.', 'channel': 'reuters.com', 'text': 'Ukraine\'s President Volodymyr Zelenskiy poses for a picture with U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken and U.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin before a meeting, as Russia\'s attack on Ukraine continues, in Kyiv, Ukraine April 24, 2022. Ukrainian Presidential Press Service/Handout via REUTERS/File Photo\n\nRAMSTEIN AIR BASE, Germany, April 26 (Reuters) - The United States said the world was galvanized against Russia\'s two-month-old invasion of Ukraine as it hosted more than 40 countries for defence talks in Germany that sought to speed and synchronize the delivery of arms to Kyiv.\n\nU.S. Defense Secretary Lloyd Austin hosted the event at Ramstein Air Base following a trip to Kyiv where he pledged additional military support to Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy\'s war effort, which is at a crossroads.\n\n"As we see this morning, nations from around the world stand united in our resolve to support Ukraine in its fight against Russia\'s imperial aggression," Austin said at the start of talks.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\n"Ukraine clearly believes that it can win, and so does everyone here."\n\nU.S. Army General Mark Milley, chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, cautioned that Ukraine needed more security assistance to help defend against an unfolding and potentially decisive Russian onslaught in the east.\n\nHe said the coming weeks were "critical."\n\n"Time is not on Ukraine\'s side," Milley said during closed-door remarks provided to reporters traveling with him. "The outcome of this battle, right here, today, is dependent on the people in this room."\n\nMilley added: "The Ukrainians will fight. We need to make sure they have the means to fight."\n\nDriven back by Ukrainian forces from a failed assault on Kyiv in the north, Moscow has redeployed troops into the east for a ground offensive in two provinces known as the Donbas.\n\nU.S. officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, assess that Russia will rely heavily on artillery strikes, trying to pound Ukrainian positions as Moscow moves in ground forces from several directions to try to envelop and wipe out a significant chunk of Ukraine\'s military.\n\nBut the United States also estimates many Russian units are depleted, with some operating with personnel losses as high as 30% - a level considered by the U.S. military to be too high to keep fighting, officials say.\n\nU.S. officials cite anecdotes like Russian tanks with sole drivers and no crew and substandard equipment that is either prone to breakdowns or out of date.\n\nBritish assessments showed that about 15,000 Russian personnel had been killed in the conflict while 2,000 armored vehicles including some 530 tanks had been destroyed, along with 60 helicopters and fighter jets, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace said on Monday.\n\nRussia has so far acknowledged only 1,351 troops killed and 3,825 wounded.\n\nRussia still has advanced capabilities and superior force numbers, and has shown a willingness to keep pouring soldiers and units into the fight, U.S. officials said.\n\nMoscow can also economically afford to wage a long war in Ukraine despite being hammered by Western sanctions, defence experts and economists said. read more\n\nFor its part, Ukraine boasts high morale, creative and adaptive battlefield tactics and local knowledge of the terrain, along with arms and intelligence from the United States and its allies.\n\n"They definitely stand a fighting chance," a U.S. military official said, speaking on condition of anonymity.\n\nThe meeting is taking place at Ramstein, a sprawling air base southwest of Frankfurt which only months ago was grappling with an influx of Afghan evacuees after the Taliban takeover of that country last year.\n\nOrganizers said over 40 countries were attending and a scan of the meeting room showed countries mainly from Europe but also beyond, including Israel, Kenya and Australia. On a screen, representatives from South Korea and Japan attended virtually.\n\n"This gathering reflects the galvanized world," Austin said.\n\nAfter the meeting, Austin said at a news conference that the forum would continue as a monthly "contact group" that would discuss Ukraine\'s defense needs.\n\nGermany, for the first time, announced the delivery of heavy weapons to Ukraine. "We decided yesterday that Germany will facilitate the delivery of Gepard self-propelled anti-aircraft guns to Ukraine," German Defence Minister Christine Lambrecht said at Ramstein, according to the script of her speech.\n\nUkraine is calling for everything from artillery, drones and tanks to anti-ship missiles and combat aircraft.\n\n"We need weapons. Modern weapons. A large number of modern heavy weapons," Ukrainian Defence Minister Oleksii Reznikov said on Twitter after the talks.\n\nRussia\'s Feb. 24 invasion of Ukraine has claimed thousands of lives, displaced millions of people and raised fears of a wider confrontation between Russia and the United States - by far the world\'s two biggest nuclear powers.\n\nRussian President Vladimir Putin says the "special military operation" in Ukraine is necessary because the United States was using Ukraine to threaten Russia and Ukraine was guilty of the genocide of Russian-speaking people.\n\nUkraine says it is fighting a land grab by Russia and that Putin\'s accusations of genocide are nonsense.\n\nRegister now for FREE unlimited access to Reuters.com Register\n\nReporting by Phil Stewart; Additional reporting by Sabine Siebold in Berlin; Editing by William Maclean, Chizu Nomiyama and Howard Goller\n\nOur Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.', 'image': 'https://www.reuters.com/resizer/QQ1Fq0o8jlsjJwQ8POvPygnoc9Y=/1200x628/smart/filters:quality(80)/cloudfront-us-east-2.images.arcpublishing.com/reuters/6CCP4K7G2ROGFECRXSTDVA3SCQ.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:27'}
{'title': "US says diplomats to return to Kyiv, as 'Russia has already failed' in war aims", 'keywords': ['ukraines', 'kyiv', 'ukrainian', 'ukraine', 'russian', 'oil', 'weapons', 'systems', 'diplomats'], 'polarity': 0.0648, 'subjectivity': 0.3544, 'link': 'https://bdnews24.com/world/2022/04/25/us-says-diplomats-to-return-to-kyiv-as-russia-has-already-failed-in-war-aims', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:37', 'summary': '"In terms of Russia’s war aims, Russia has already failed and Ukraine has already succeeded," Blinken told a briefing in Poland after the two officials returned.\nBlinken said US diplomats would first return to Lviv in the west and should be back in Kyiv within weeks.\nBut despite Ukraine having repelled the assault on Kyiv, the war is far from over.\nThe United States and NATO allies have shown growing readiness to supply heavier equipment and more advanced weapons systems.\nWAR GRINDS ONThe relative calm in Kyiv is a contrast with the south and east of the country, where the war grinds on relentlessly.', 'channel': 'bdnews24.com', 'text': 'Both men said the fact they were able to come to Kyiv was proof of Ukraine\'s tenacity in forcing Moscow to abandon an assault on the capital last month, and promised more aid to fend off Russian troops now attempting an advance in the east.\n\n"What you\'ve done in repelling the Russians in the battle of Kyiv is extraordinary and inspiring quite frankly to the rest of the world," Austin told President Volodymyr Zelensky at a meeting overnight, after a train journey from Poland. "We are here to support you in any way possible."\n\nSaid Blinken: "The reason we\'re back is because of you, because of the extraordinary courage, leadership and success that you\'ve had in pushing back this horrific Russian aggression."\n\nUS officials said they pledged new assistance worth $713 million for Zelensky\'s government and other countries in the region. An extra $322 million in military aid for Ukraine would take total US security assistance since the invasion to about $3.7 billion, one official said.\n\n"It will provide support for capabilities Ukraine needs, especially the fight in the Donbas," the official said. It would also help Ukraine\'s armed forces transition to more advanced weapons and air defence systems -- essentially NATO capable systems, the official added on condition of anonymity.\n\nWestern arms for Ukraine have infuriated Moscow. Russia\'s ambassador in Washington said Moscow had sent a diplomatic note stressing "the unacceptability of this situation when the United States of America pours weapons into Ukraine, and we demanded an end to this practice".\n\nThe meeting between the US delegation and Ukraine\'s leaders ran for three hours, or more than double the allotted time, a US official said.\n\n"In terms of Russia’s war aims, Russia has already failed and Ukraine has already succeeded," Blinken told a briefing in Poland after the two officials returned.\n\nRussia has always denied intending to overthrow Ukraine\'s government. Western countries say that was its aim from the outset but it failed in the face of Ukrainian resistance.\n\nJust weeks ago, Kyiv was a frontline city under curfew and bombardment, with tens of thousands of Russian troops massing on its northern outskirts. Residents spent nights huddled in its metro stations, sheltering from artillery.\n\nToday, the nearest Russian troops are hundreds of miles away, normal life is returning to the capital, Western leaders have been visiting and countries are reopening their embassies.\n\nBlinken said US diplomats would first return to Lviv in the west and should be back in Kyiv within weeks.\n\nBut despite Ukraine having repelled the assault on Kyiv, the war is far from over. Russia has regrouped its forces and sent more troops in to eastern Ukraine. Last week it launched a massive assault there in an attempt to capture eastern provinces known as the Donbas.\n\nRAILWAY STATIONS HIT\n\nFive railway stations came under fire in western and central Ukraine on Monday, causing an unspecified number of casualties, Ukrainian television quoted state-run Ukrainian Railways as saying. Oleksander Kamyshin, the company\'s chief, said the attacks took place in the space of an hour.\n\nAll of the country was placed under an unusually long air raid warning for two hours on Monday morning.\n\nAcross the border in Russia\'s Bryansk region near eastern Ukraine, authorities were battling a huge blaze at an oil depot. There was no immediate indication that the fire was connected to the war, but Russia accused Ukraine of a helicopter attack in that area last week.\n\nBefore the US officials\' visit, Ukraine had drawn up a list of weapons urgently needed from the United States, such as anti-missile systems, anti-aircraft systems, armoured vehicles and tanks, Zelensky aide Igor Zhovkva told NBC News on Sunday.\n\nThe United States and NATO allies have shown growing readiness to supply heavier equipment and more advanced weapons systems. Britain has promised to send military vehicles and is considering supplying British tanks to Poland to free up Warsaw\'s Russian-designed T-72s for Ukraine.\n\nIn a daily update on the conflict, Britain\'s defence ministry said Russia had only made minor advances in some parts of Donbas.\n\n"Without sufficient logistical and combat support enablers in place, Russia has yet to achieve a significant breakthrough," it said.\n\nIn an emotional address at Kyiv\'s 1,000-year-old Saint Sophia Cathedral to mark the Orthodox Christian Easter on Sunday, Zelensky said his nation would overcome "dark times".\n\nWAR GRINDS ON\n\nThe relative calm in Kyiv is a contrast with the south and east of the country, where the war grinds on relentlessly.\n\nSome 320 km (200 miles) southeast of Kyiv, Russian missile strikes on an oil refinery and power plant in Kremenchuk killed one person and wounded seven, the governor of the Poltava region said. Moscow said it had destroyed oil production facilities there.\n\nRussia also fired rockets at two towns in the central Vinnytsia region, causing an unspecified number of deaths and injuries, regional Governor Serhiy Borzov reported.\n\nUkraine\'s general staff described Russian shelling and assaults along most of the front in the east, including missile and bomb attacks on a huge steel works in Mariupol where the last Ukrainian defenders are holed up in a city destroyed during two months of Russian siege and bombardment.\n\nMoscow, which describes its actions in Ukraine as a "special military operation", denies targeting civilians.\n\nThe European Union is preparing "smart sanctions" against Russian oil imports, possibly some form of oil embargo, Britain\'s The Times newspaper reported on Monday, citing the European Commission\'s executive vice president, Valdis Dombrovskis.', 'image': 'https://d30fl32nd2baj9.cloudfront.net/media/2022/04/25/zelensky-blinken-loyed-240422-01-smr.jpg/BINARY/zelensky-blinken-loyed-240422-01-smr.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:37'}

{'title': "Johnson says public deserve ‘faster, cheaper' passport service", 'keywords': ['deserve', 'faster', 'applications', 'families', 'holiday', 'service', 'office', 'ministers', 'cheaper', 'public', 'summer'], 'polarity': 0.0259, 'subjectivity': 0.3271, 'link': 'https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/boris-johnson-passport-office-prime-minister-hm-passport-office-talktv-b2066082.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:54', 'summary': 'Boris Johnson has said the public deserves a “cheaper, faster” passport service as he refused to rule out privatisation if it cannot clear the backlog of applications.\nIn an interview with TalkTV, Mr Johnson said his sole concern was to “deliver value and a good service” to the public.\n“We urge people who need a new passport to apply for one as soon as possible, with the vast majority of all passport applications being dealt with well within 10 weeks.\nMr Holland-Kaye told the PA news agency: “Normally the Passport Office is very slick in processing passports.\n“Making the most of the summer is vital.”The PCS union condemned the Prime Minister’s suggestion that HM Passport Office could be privatised.', 'channel': 'independent.co.uk', 'text': 'Boris Johnson has said the public deserves a “cheaper, faster” passport service as he refused to rule out privatisation if it cannot clear the backlog of applications.\n\nEarlier, a senior Government source said the Prime Minister was ready to “privatise the arse” out of the Passport Office amid fears families could miss out on their summer holidays due to delays in renewing their documents.\n\nIn an interview with TalkTV, Mr Johnson said his sole concern was to “deliver value and a good service” to the public.\n\nIf you want to go on holiday with your family it can cost hundreds of pounds to get new passports. You deserve to have a cheaper, faster service. Boris Johnson\n\n“I am not going to rule anything out. I don’t mind whether it is in the public or the private sector,” he said.\n\n“What I want is for it to deliver value for money and help people’s costs. If you want to go on holiday with your family it can cost hundreds of pounds to get new passports.\n\n“You deserve to have a cheaper, faster service.”\n\nMr Johnson was also said to have put the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) and other “arm’s length” bodies on notice in comments to Cabinet ministers, according to the source who attended Tuesday’s meeting.\n\nThe Prime Minister is understood to be “horrified” at the backlog in dealing with passport applications and will summon the agency’s leadership for urgent talks at No 10 on Thursday.\n\nHe is said to be concerned that families wanting to go on summer holidays are under pressure to pay up to £100 extra per passport for fast-track applications because of delays.\n\nThe source cautioned that privatisation would not be the starting point, but warned that Downing Street could look to businesses to take over if passport bosses could not meet the 10-week target for standard applications costing £75.50.\n\nIn his interview, Mr Johnson acknowledged that he had criticised “post-Covid, work-from-home, manana culture” at some of the bodies for not adapting after the easing of coronavirus restrictions.\n\nAs well as the Passport Office, MPs have been raising concerns over significant delays in turning around applications for licences at the DVLA.\n\n“I think that we have a general issue in some of our approach to public services. We all got used to working from home, Zoom calls,” Mr Johnson said.\n\n“I am the custodian of the public purse I have to ask myself whether it is as productive as all that.”\n\nDowning Street chief of staff Steve Barclay is expected to meet with Passport Office officials later this week.\n\nThe Prime Minister’s official spokesman would not comment on Cabinet leaks, but told reporters: “The Prime Minister is adamant this is a serious issue facing families and it’s one that needs to be gripped.”\n\nIn response to the criticism, a spokesperson for HM Passport Office said: “Since April 2021, we have been advising people to allow up to 10 weeks when applying for their British passport as more than five million people delayed applying due to the pandemic.\n\n“We urge people who need a new passport to apply for one as soon as possible, with the vast majority of all passport applications being dealt with well within 10 weeks.\n\n“To deal with this demand, we have increased staff numbers by 500 since April 2021. This has helped us to handle more applications than ever before, with more than one million passport applications processed in March 2022.”\n\nHeathrow Airport chief executive John Holland-Kaye said it was “vital” that people could go on holiday this summer in case the UK reintroduced coronavirus travel restrictions.\n\nMr Holland-Kaye told the PA news agency: “Normally the Passport Office is very slick in processing passports. It’s really disappointing to hear (about delays).\n\n“If it’s not resolved, it is going to mean that people can’t get away.\n\n“After two years of lockdown, we need to make sure people can have a good holiday because many of them have vouchers that they’ve been saving up, they’ve got trips of a lifetime that they’ve put on hold, and we don’t know when things might get closed down again.\n\n“Making the most of the summer is vital.”\n\nThe PCS union condemned the Prime Minister’s suggestion that HM Passport Office could be privatised.\n\nGeneral secretary Mark Serwotka said: “It is absurd for Boris Johnson to threaten to privatise HMPO, when it is clear that the current problems are mainly down to the casualisation of the workforce.”\n\nFor Labour, shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper said: “It’s disgraceful that families are having to cancel hard-earned holidays costing thousands of pounds because of chaos and delays at the Passport Office.\n\n“Home Office ministers were warned many months ago that they needed to prepare for an increase in demand after Covid, but they have completely failed to do so and families are paying the price.”', 'image': 'https://static.independent.co.uk/2022/04/26/20/7f8a07c58759fefb1f835885ec586a00Y29udGVudHNlYXJjaGFwaSwxNjUxMDg3MTk3-2.66233656.jpg?quality=75&width=1200&auto=webp', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:54'}
{'title': "Travellers could lose summer holidays as minister warns of ‘unprecedented surge' in passport applications", 'keywords': ['applications', 'rules', 'lose', 'minister', 'passport', 'passports', 'unprecedented', 'office', 'airlines', 'travellers', 'surge', 'warns', 'holidays', 'summer', 'travel'], 'polarity': 0.0266, 'subjectivity': 0.3909, 'link': 'https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/simon-hoare-kevin-foster-people-conservative-government-b2065300.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:54', 'summary': 'UK travellers could lose out on holidays this summer because of an “unprecedented” surge in passport applications.\n“To put that into context, we usually deal with seven million in a whole year,” he told MPs.\n“Anyone could have predicted that after two years of travel restrictions there would be big surge in passport renewals and applications.\nDemand for passports has been needlessly increased by the government and some airlines misrepresenting the post-Brexit passport rules.\nThe European Commission has repeatedly confirmed the rules to The Independent, which has shared them with airlines and the UK government.', 'channel': 'independent.co.uk', 'text': 'UK travellers could lose out on holidays this summer because of an “unprecedented” surge in passport applications.\n\nThose hoping to travel abroad have been warned to renew their passports “as soon as possible” by Home Office minister Kevin Foster, who said a million passport applications were received in the last month alone.\n\n“To put that into context, we usually deal with seven million in a whole year,” he told MPs.\n\n“We would advise people this is a very, virtually unprecedented surge in demand, and if people are planning to travel this summer we would advise them to get their application in as soon as possible.”\n\nConservative MP Simon Hoare described the passport backlog as “unprecedented, true, but foreseeable, absolutely”, and said some constituents had described their experience as being an “absolute shambles”.\n\nMeanwhile, a senior Labour MP has accused the government of being “asleep on the job”.\n\nBen Bradshaw, a former Cabinet minister and currently a member of the Transport Select Committee, said: “Yet again, the Home Office and Priti Patel have been asleep on the job.\n\n“Anyone could have predicted that after two years of travel restrictions there would be big surge in passport renewals and applications.\n\n“Yet there seems to have been no planning for this, meaning thousands of families who have been looking forward to seeing loved ones again or having a holiday are having those hopes dashed.”\n\nThe Labour MP for Barnsley East Stephanie Peacock described the case of a mother who submitted her daughter’s passport application in January – five months before their holiday next week – but has yet to receive one.\n\nThe prospect of a surge in demand once travel restrictions were lifted was first raised two years ago by The Independent, which asked the Home Office: “What arrangements will the UK Passport Office make to accelerate the renewal of passports, and the issue of new ones to those who need them?”\n\nA Home Office spokesperson said at the time: “Her Majesty’s Passport Office is continuing to process standard passport applications, but they are taking longer than usual as a result of changed working practices designed to keep both staff and customers safe.\n\n“We are prioritising those who need our services most, especially applications for compassionate reasons. We would encourage those who can to apply at a later date.”\n\nThe Independent has today asked the Home Office what measures were subsequently put in place to deal with the expected surge in applications.\n\nDemand for passports has been needlessly increased by the government and some airlines misrepresenting the post-Brexit passport rules.\n\nThe two requirements for a British passport to be valid for travel to the European Union are:\n\nOn the day of arrival in the EU, was it issued less than 10 years ago?\n\nOn the intended day of departure from the EU, will it have at least three months remaining?\n\nThese two conditions are independent of each other – so a British traveller to Europe with a passport issued on 2 May 2012 that expires on 2 November 2022 can enter any time up to 1 May 2022.\n\nThe European Commission has repeatedly confirmed the rules to The Independent, which has shared them with airlines and the UK government.\n\nBut in the face of the evidence, the government continues to insist there is some uncertainly about whether the two conditions are “cumulative”. Europe’s two biggest budget airlines, easyJet and Ryanair, also apply more onerous rules – with easyJet insisting, wrongly, “on your day of travel you’ll need your passport to have at least six months left”.\n\nThe Independent has repeatedly asked the airlines either to amend their terms to align with European Commission rules or to provide some official evidence that they should not – beyond the UK government’s own misleading travel advice.\n\nConfused about the new passport expiry rules? Not sure when to renew your travel documents? Join The Independent’s travel correspondent Simon Calder as he tackles your queries in a live Ask Me Anything session at 4pm today. Click here to submit your question.', 'image': 'https://static.independent.co.uk/2022/04/25/23/22ad31004998ac42fd4ba21926f7e76dY29udGVudHNlYXJjaGFwaSwxNjUxMDEwMzkx-2.4497206.jpg?quality=75&width=1200&auto=webp', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:54'}
{'title': 'UK Passport Office in Firing Line as Delays Mount Up', 'keywords': ['british', 'applications', 'theyve', 'passports', 'holiday', 'office', 'mp', 'summer', 'backlog', 'uk'], 'polarity': 0.0377, 'subjectivity': 0.418, 'link': 'https://www.theepochtimes.com/uk-passport-office-in-firing-line-as-delays-mount-up_4428278.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:38', 'summary': "A British passport in front of a screen displaying the UK Home Office's website, in an undated file photo.\n(PA)UK Passport Office in Firing Line as Delays Mount UpA British government minister has urged people to renew their outdated passports “as soon as possible” if they hope to go on holiday this summer as the Passport Office faces a 10-week backlog in processing applications.\nHome Office minister Kevin Foster told the House of Commons on April 25 that a million passports were processed last month compared to 7 million a year in 2019.\nHome Secretary Priti Patel replied, “That’s a very, very unusual delay, there must be a problem.”Heathrow Airport CEO John Holland-Kaye said it was “vital” people were able to get away for a summer holiday.\nEarlier this month the Director General of the Passport Office, Abi Tierney, said, “Our dedicated staff are working tirelessly to ensure that passport applications are processed as quickly as possible.”In 2014 the then-Home Secretary Theresa May brought the Passport Office under direct government control and replaced the chief executive after a backlog in passport applications built up.", 'channel': 'theepochtimes.com', 'text': "A British passport in front of a screen displaying the UK Home Office's website, in an undated file photo. (PA)\n\nUK Passport Office in Firing Line as Delays Mount Up\n\nA British government minister has urged people to renew their outdated passports “as soon as possible” if they hope to go on holiday this summer as the Passport Office faces a 10-week backlog in processing applications.\n\nWith the tourist industry returning to a state of near normality after the lockdown-wrecked summers of 2020 and 2021, there has been an unprecedented number of applications by British citizens who realised their passports were out of date.\n\nHome Office minister Kevin Foster told the House of Commons on April 25 that a million passports were processed last month compared to 7 million a year in 2019.\n\nBut Stephanie Peacock, a Labour MP, told the House of Commons a woman in her Yorkshire constituency had applied in January for a new passport for her daughter, intending to go on holiday next week, but had still not received it back.\n\nHome Secretary Priti Patel replied, “That’s a very, very unusual delay, there must be a problem.”\n\nHeathrow Airport CEO John Holland-Kaye said it was “vital” people were able to get away for a summer holiday.\n\nHolland-Kaye said it was “really disappointing” to hear of delays. “If it’s not resolved, it is going to mean that people can’t get away,” he said.\n\n“After two years of lockdown, we need to make sure people can have a good holiday because many of them have vouchers that they’ve been saving up, they’ve got trips of a lifetime that they’ve put on hold, and we don’t know when things might get closed down again. Making the most of the summer is vital,” he added.\n\nConservative MP Simon Hoare said the passport backlog was “unprecedented, true, but foreseeable, absolutely.”\n\nThe MP for North Dorset said: “Certainly my constituents are telling me their experience is either really very good or it is an absolute shambles … Something needs to be done to arrest this, and quickly.”\n\nThe Passport Office is part of the Home Office and employs 3,000 people in London as well as regional offices in Peterborough, Liverpool, Durham, Glasgow, Belfast, and Newport in Wales.\n\nEarlier this month the Director General of the Passport Office, Abi Tierney, said, “Our dedicated staff are working tirelessly to ensure that passport applications are processed as quickly as possible.”\n\nIn 2014 the then-Home Secretary Theresa May brought the Passport Office under direct government control and replaced the chief executive after a backlog in passport applications built up.\n\nPA Media contributed to this report.", 'image': 'https://img.theepochtimes.com/assets/uploads/2022/04/1.2.4497206.jpg-1200x822.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:38'}
{'title': 'Prime Minister threatens Passport Office with privatisation over backlog', 'keywords': ['applications', 'families', 'passport', 'threatens', 'johnson', 'ministers', 'privatisation', 'target', 'backlog', 'summer'], 'polarity': 0.0251, 'subjectivity': 0.4388, 'link': 'https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/passport-office-boris-johnson-prime-minister-cabinet-mark-serwotka-b2065732.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:28', 'summary': 'Boris Johnson has threatened to “privatise the arse” out of the Passport Office if it cannot clear its backlog and deliver better value for money, a senior Government source has said.\nAs well as the Passport Office, MPs have been raising concerns over significant delays in turning round applications for licences at the DVLA.\nThe Prime Minister’s official spokesman would not comment on Cabinet leaks, but told reporters: “The Prime Minister is adamant this is a serious issue facing families and it’s one that needs to be gripped.\nMr Holland-Kaye told the PA news agency: “Normally the Passport Office is very slick in processing passports.\n“Making the most of the summer is vital.”The PCS union condemned the Prime Minister’s suggestion that HM Passport Office could be privatised.', 'channel': 'independent.co.uk', 'text': "Boris Johnson has threatened to “privatise the arse” out of the Passport Office if it cannot clear its backlog and deliver better value for money, a senior Government source has said.\n\nThe Prime Minister also put the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) and other “arm’s length” bodies on notice in comments to Cabinet ministers, according to the source who attended Tuesday’s meeting.\n\nMr Johnson is understood to be “horrified” at the backlog in dealing with passport applications and will summon the agency’s leadership for urgent talks at No 10 on Thursday.\n\nBoris Johnson made his comments to Cabinet ministers (Danny Lawson/PA) (PA Wire)\n\nHe is said to be concerned that families wanting to go on summer holidays are under pressure to pay up to £100 extra per passport for fast-track applications because of delays.\n\nThe source cautioned that privatisation would not be the starting point, but warned that Downing Street could look to businesses to take over if passport bosses could not meet the 10-week target for standard applications costing £75.50.\n\nMr Johnson was also said to have criticised “post-Covid manana culture” at some of the bodies for not adapting after the easing of coronavirus restrictions.\n\nAs well as the Passport Office, MPs have been raising concerns over significant delays in turning round applications for licences at the DVLA.\n\nThe Prime Minister is adamant this is a serious issue facing families and it's one that needs to be gripped Prime Minister's official spokesman\n\nDowning Street chief of staff Steve Barclay is expected to meet with the Passport Office official later this week.\n\nThe Prime Minister’s official spokesman would not comment on Cabinet leaks, but told reporters: “The Prime Minister is adamant this is a serious issue facing families and it’s one that needs to be gripped.\n\n“That’s his focus and he is ensuring that those responsible will be asked to make sure they are doing everything possible to clear this backlog and help hard-working families get their passports, get on holiday.”\n\nIn response to the criticism, a spokesperson for HM Passport Office said: “Since April 2021, we have been advising people to allow up to 10 weeks when applying for their British passport as more than five million people delayed applying due to the pandemic.\n\nAfter two years of lockdown, we need to make sure people can have a good holiday ... making the most of the summer is vital John Holland-Kaye, Heathrow Airport\n\n“We urge people who need a new passport to apply for one as soon as possible, with the vast majority of all passport applications being dealt with well within 10 weeks.\n\n“To deal with this demand, we have increased staff numbers by 500 since April 2021. This has helped us to handle more applications than ever before, with more than one million passport applications processed in March 2022.”\n\nHeathrow Airport chief executive John Holland-Kaye said it was “vital” that people could go on holiday this summer in case the UK reintroduced coronavirus travel restrictions.\n\nMr Holland-Kaye told the PA news agency: “Normally the Passport Office is very slick in processing passports. It’s really disappointing to hear (about delays).\n\n“If it’s not resolved, it is going to mean that people can’t get away.\n\nAll our constituents are having to cancel holidays, miss funerals, rearrange visits, with even a new 10-week target routinely being failed. What will be done to avoid this predictable mess getting worse? Stuart McDonald, SNP\n\n“After two years of lockdown, we need to make sure people can have a good holiday because many of them have vouchers that they’ve been saving up, they’ve got trips of a lifetime that they’ve put on hold, and we don’t know when things might get closed down again.\n\n“Making the most of the summer is vital.”\n\nThe PCS union condemned the Prime Minister’s suggestion that HM Passport Office could be privatised.\n\nGeneral secretary Mark Serwotka said: “It is absurd for Boris Johnson to threaten to privatise HMPO, when it is clear that the current problems are mainly down to the casualisation of the workforce.”\n\nFor Labour, shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper said: “It’s disgraceful that families are having to cancel hard-earned holidays costing thousands of pounds because of chaos and delays at the Passport Office.\n\n“Home Office ministers were warned many months ago that they needed to prepare for an increase in demand after Covid, but they have completely failed to do so and families are paying the price.”\n\nOn Monday, the Commons heard about one woman who had waited more than five months to receive her daughter’s new passport, with services branded “either really very good or an absolute shambles”.\n\nSNP home affairs spokesman Stuart McDonald said: “All our constituents are having to cancel holidays, miss funerals, rearrange visits, with even a new 10-week target routinely being failed.\n\nWe would advise people this is a very, virtually unprecedented surge in demand, and if people are planning to travel this summer we would advise them to get their application in as soon as possible Home Office minister Kevin Foster\n\n“What will be done to avoid this predictable mess getting worse? And can we be assured that the 10-week target will not be lengthened further as we approach the summer?”\n\nHome Office minister Kevin Foster said: “We don’t have any intention to further extend that standard.\n\n“We are at the moment processing most passports well within it, but we would advise people this is a very, virtually unprecedented surge in demand, and if people are planning to travel this summer we would advise them to get their application in as soon as possible.”\n\nHe said the Passport Office dealt with a million applications last month, compared with seven million per year before the pandemic.\n\nConservative MP Simon Hoare described the backlog as “unprecedented, true, but foreseeable, absolutely”.", 'image': 'https://static.independent.co.uk/2022/04/26/14/6603cbfd45998641138918d9774d13f2Y29udGVudHNlYXJjaGFwaSwxNjUxMDY2MTkz-2.66059084.jpg?quality=75&width=1200&auto=webp', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:28'}

{'title': 'Man suspected of killing four family members under arrest in hospital', 'keywords': ['suspected', 'family', 'victims', 'killing', 'members', 'arrest', 'worked', 'man', 'house', 'delaford', 'temporarily', 'reporters', 'hospital', 'road', 'samantha', 'told'], 'polarity': 0.0002, 'subjectivity': 0.2845, 'link': 'https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/police-london-bermondsey-nhs-evening-standard-b2065634.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:13', 'summary': 'A 28-year-old man suspected of killing four family members in a stabbing attack is under arrest in hospital, police have said.\nThe victims – three women aged in their mid 60s, 40s and 30s, and a man in his 60s – all died at a terraced house in Delaford Road, Bermondsey, south-east London in the early hours of Monday.\nForensic tents in Delaford Road, Bermondsey (Kirsty O’Connor/PA) (PA Wire)It is understood that the suspect was taken to hospital by ambulance following the incident and police said he was in a stable condition but would not reveal what his injuries were.\nA friend of Samantha’s told reporters that she had temporarily moved into the house in Bermondsey during building work at her own flat in Forest Hill.\nOn Monday, Ms Hill’s niece Venecia Reid told reporters at the scene: “She was very loving, very kind, very generous.', 'channel': 'independent.co.uk', 'text': 'A 28-year-old man suspected of killing four family members in a stabbing attack is under arrest in hospital, police have said.\n\nThe victims – three women aged in their mid 60s, 40s and 30s, and a man in his 60s – all died at a terraced house in Delaford Road, Bermondsey, south-east London in the early hours of Monday.\n\nThey have been named locally as NHS worker Dolet Hill, her partner Denton Burke, daughter Tanysha Drummonds and granddaughter Samantha Drummonds.\n\nForensic tents in Delaford Road, Bermondsey (Kirsty O’Connor/PA) (PA Wire)\n\nIt is understood that the suspect was taken to hospital by ambulance following the incident and police said he was in a stable condition but would not reveal what his injuries were.\n\nA friend of Samantha’s told reporters that she had temporarily moved into the house in Bermondsey during building work at her own flat in Forest Hill.\n\nRudra Brambhatt told the Evening Standard: “She had only recently moved out temporarily while her bathroom was done. Samantha took her cat and went back to the family home.\n\n“We are devastated. We got on so well. She loved music and worked at NatWest.”\n\nPolice forced entry into the property in Delaford Road (Kirsty O’Connor/PA) (PA Wire)\n\nPolice were called to reports of a disturbance at around 1.40am on Monday, and when they forced entry into the house they found four people with stab injuries.\n\nDespite the efforts of the emergency services, all the victims were pronounced dead at the scene.\n\nOn Monday, Ms Hill’s niece Venecia Reid told reporters at the scene: “She was very loving, very kind, very generous.\n\n“She worked very hard in this country to support her two girls and her two grandkids.\n\n“She does not deserve this.”', 'image': 'https://static.independent.co.uk/2022/04/26/12/802cfb6c7c0980ce259ad23fd1d2569cY29udGVudHNlYXJjaGFwaSwxNjUxMDUwMTQ2-2.66559531.jpg?quality=75&width=1200&auto=webp', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:13'}
{'title': 'Four victims of Bermondsey stabbing horror officially identified', 'keywords': ['officially', 'horror', 'family', 'victims', 'identified', 'stabbing', 'worked', 'delaford', 'ms', 'temporarily', 'road', 'samantha', 'told'], 'polarity': 0.0123, 'subjectivity': 0.3055, 'link': 'https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/bermondsey-police-forest-hill-crimestoppers-nhs-b2065691.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:42', 'summary': 'Police have officially identified the four family members who were stabbed to death in a terraced house in south-east London.\nDenton Burke, 58, and his partner, Jamaica-born NHS worker Dolet Hill, 64, were both killed at their home in Delaford Road, Bermondsey, on Monday.\nForensic tents in Delaford Road, Bermondsey (Kirsty O’Connor/PA) (PA Wire)A 28-year-old man from Lewisham, who is suspected of carrying out the fatal attack, is in hospital in a stable condition.\nA friend of Ms Drummonds told reporters that she had temporarily moved into the house in Bermondsey while building work was carried out at her own flat.\nGuy’s and St Thomas’s NHS Foundation Trust paid tribute to Ms Hill, who was an active trade union member.', 'channel': 'independent.co.uk', 'text': 'Police have officially identified the four family members who were stabbed to death in a terraced house in south-east London.\n\nDenton Burke, 58, and his partner, Jamaica-born NHS worker Dolet Hill, 64, were both killed at their home in Delaford Road, Bermondsey, on Monday.\n\nMs Hill’s daughter, Tanysha Ofori-Akuffo, 45, also known as Rachquel, who lived in Kennington, and Ms Ofori-Akuffo’s daughter, Samantha Drummonds, 27, who lived in Forest Hill, also died.\n\nForensic tents in Delaford Road, Bermondsey (Kirsty O’Connor/PA) (PA Wire)\n\nA 28-year-old man from Lewisham, who is suspected of carrying out the fatal attack, is in hospital in a stable condition.\n\nHe was Tasered by Metropolitan Police officers before his arrest.\n\nA friend of Ms Drummonds told reporters that she had temporarily moved into the house in Bermondsey while building work was carried out at her own flat.\n\nRudra Brambhatt told the Evening Standard: “She had only recently moved out temporarily while her bathroom was done. Samantha took her cat and went back to the family home.\n\n“We are devastated. We got on so well. She loved music and worked at NatWest.”\n\nPolice forced entry into the property in Delaford Road (Kirsty O’Connor/PA) (PA Wire)\n\nPost-mortem examinations are expected to take place on Tuesday and Wednesday.\n\nGuy’s and St Thomas’s NHS Foundation Trust paid tribute to Ms Hill, who was an active trade union member.\n\nAlastair Gourlay, Director of Estates and Facilities, said: “We are devastated to hear about the tragic death of Dolet Hill, who worked as a housekeeping assistant in our pharmacy department for more than 21 years, before her retirement in 2018.\n\n“Dolet was a well-respected colleague, who also helped to improve the workplace for others as an active UNISON representative.\n\n“Our thoughts are with Dolet’s family, friends and all who worked with her.”\n\nDetective Chief Inspector Linda Bradley, who is leading the investigation into the deaths, warned that it will be “a protracted inquiry”.\n\nShe said: “This was a truly horrific incident and I fully recognise that the distress for the family and the community will be overwhelming.\n\n“We are conducting a thorough and detailed investigation into the facts and we are appealing to anyone who can assist with any information to come forward.\n\n“If you know anything or saw anything that you think might help us piece together the events which led to this, then do not hesitate – please call police. You can also call Crimestoppers if you do not want to give your name.\n\n“We deeply appreciate all the help we have already received from local people, and I would like to thank them for their patience and support in what is likely to be a protracted inquiry.\n\n“We are moving as fast we can at the scene, but we need to ensure we uncover all the facts and secure every bit of necessary evidence, and this may understandably take some time.\n\n“We are aware that we have family, friends and a community that are all asking questions; we are determined to give them the answers they deserve as soon as possible.”', 'image': 'https://static.independent.co.uk/2022/04/26/14/d11afd7cfc988637cc48c199e1a40e6fY29udGVudHNlYXJjaGFwaSwxNjUxMDYzMzIx-2.66559779.jpg?quality=75&width=1200&auto=webp', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:42'}
{'title': 'Four Victims of Stabbing Horror in South-East London Officially Identified', 'keywords': ['hill', 'family', 'bermondsey', 'southeast', 'samantha', 'london', 'identified', 'worked', 'temporarily', 'protracted', 'dolet', 'told'], 'polarity': -0.0056, 'subjectivity': 0.3371, 'link': 'https://www.theepochtimes.com/four-victims-of-stabbing-horror-in-south-east-london-officially-identified_4428356.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:35', 'summary': 'Dolet Hill and Denton Burke are pictured in this police handout image provided following their murder in Bermondsey, London on Aoril 25, 2022.\n(Met Police)Four Victims of Stabbing Horror in South-East London Officially IdentifiedPolice have officially identified the four family members who were stabbed to death in a terraced house in south-east London.\nDenton Burke, 58, and his partner, Jamaica-born NHS worker Dolet Hill, 64, were both killed at their home in Delaford Road, Bermondsey, on Monday.\nA 28-year-old man from Lewisham, who is suspected of carrying out the fatal attack, is in hospital in a stable condition.\nRudra Brambhatt told the Evening Standard: “She had only recently moved out temporarily while her bathroom was done.', 'channel': 'theepochtimes.com', 'text': 'Dolet Hill and Denton Burke are pictured in this police handout image provided following their murder in Bermondsey, London on Aoril 25, 2022. (Met Police)\n\nFour Victims of Stabbing Horror in South-East London Officially Identified\n\nPolice have officially identified the four family members who were stabbed to death in a terraced house in south-east London.\n\nDenton Burke, 58, and his partner, Jamaica-born NHS worker Dolet Hill, 64, were both killed at their home in Delaford Road, Bermondsey, on Monday.\n\nHill’s daughter, Tanysha Ofori-Akuffo, 45, also known as Rachquel, who lived in Kennington, and Ofori-Akuffo’s daughter, Samantha Drummonds, 27, who lived in Forest Hill, also died.\n\nA 28-year-old man from Lewisham, who is suspected of carrying out the fatal attack, is in hospital in a stable condition.\n\nHe was Tasered by Metropolitan Police officers before his arrest.\n\nA friend of Drummonds told reporters that she had temporarily moved into the house in Bermondsey while building work was carried out at her own flat.\n\nRudra Brambhatt told the Evening Standard: “She had only recently moved out temporarily while her bathroom was done. Samantha took her cat and went back to the family home.\n\n“We are devastated. We got on so well. She loved music and worked at NatWest.”\n\nPost-mortem examinations are expected to take place on Tuesday and Wednesday.\n\nGuy’s and St Thomas’s NHS Foundation Trust paid tribute to Hill, who was an active trade union member.\n\nAlastair Gourlay, Director of Estates and Facilities, said: “We are devastated to hear about the tragic death of Dolet Hill, who worked as a housekeeping assistant in our pharmacy department for more than 21 years, before her retirement in 2018.\n\n“Dolet was a well-respected colleague, who also helped to improve the workplace for others as an active UNISON representative.\n\n“Our thoughts are with Dolet’s family, friends and all who worked with her.”\n\nDetective Chief Inspector Linda Bradley, who is leading the investigation into the deaths, warned that it will be “a protracted inquiry”.\n\nShe said: “This was a truly horrific incident and I fully recognise that the distress for the family and the community will be overwhelming.\n\n“We are conducting a thorough and detailed investigation into the facts and we are appealing to anyone who can assist with any information to come forward.\n\n“If you know anything or saw anything that you think might help us piece together the events which led to this, then do not hesitate – please call police. You can also call Crimestoppers if you do not want to give your name.\n\n“We deeply appreciate all the help we have already received from local people, and I would like to thank them for their patience and support in what is likely to be a protracted inquiry.\n\n“We are moving as fast we can at the scene, but we need to ensure we uncover all the facts and secure every bit of necessary evidence, and this may understandably take some time.\n\n“We are aware that we have family, friends and a community that are all asking questions; we are determined to give them the answers they deserve as soon as possible.”', 'image': 'https://img.theepochtimes.com/assets/uploads/2022/04/26/MDR028-22Dolet-Hill-and-Denton-Burke-1200x769.jpeg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:35'}

{'title': "Lottery winner gives away more than half her £115m fortune saying helping others is ‘addictive'", 'keywords': ['given', 'mrs', 'addictive', 'person', 'youre', 'half', 'connolly', 'trust', 'money', 'agreed', 'gives', 'budget'], 'polarity': 0.0513, 'subjectivity': 0.2671, 'link': 'https://www.independent.ie/irish-news/news/lottery-winner-gives-away-more-than-half-her-115m-fortune-saying-helping-others-is-addictive-41591091.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:31', 'summary': 'A lottery winner who has given away more than half of her £115m fortune said she is addicted to giving to others.\nShe estimates she has given away £60m, including to charity, but does not keep a tally, joking she would be worried in case her 57-year-old husband saw it.\nThe couple, who have three daughters – Catrina (34), and twins Fiona and Natalie (26) – are not extravagant with their wealth and Mrs Connolly has no desire to buy a yacht.\n"I’m not being funny, I’d have been a millionaire anyway if I took back all the money I’ve given away over the years.\nWe might have to revise that.”Winning such a huge sum has obviously changed the pair’s lives, but Mrs Connolly said it does not alter your personality.', 'channel': 'independent.ie', 'text': 'A lottery winner who has given away more than half of her £115m fortune said she is addicted to giving to others.\n\n\n\n\n\nFrances Connolly revealed she has already busted the charity budget she agreed for this year with husband Paddy – and has given away what they would have donated up to 2032.\n\nThe 55-year-old former social worker and teacher has set up two charitable foundations, one named after her late mother Kathleen Graham in their native Northern Ireland, and the PFC Trust in Hartlepool, where the couple have lived for 30 years.\n\nOn Saturday, a gala fundraiser, which she organised with 250 guests, made more than £100,000 for the PFC Trust, which supports local young carers, the elderly and refugees.\n\nThe Connollys won on the EuroMillions in 2019 and immediately gave away large chunks of cash to friends and family, using a list Frances prepared in advance of the win – which she always believed would happen.\n\nShe estimates she has given away £60m, including to charity, but does not keep a tally, joking she would be worried in case her 57-year-old husband saw it.\n\nShe said helping others, whether with money or by volunteering her time, lifted people’s spirits during lockdown.\n\nShe said: “It gives you a buzz and it’s addictive.\n\n“I’m addicted to it now.”\n\nMrs Connolly has always been motivated to help others, volunteering for the St John Ambulance from age nine and setting up an Aids helpline when she was a student in Belfast.\n\nThe couple, who have three daughters – Catrina (34), and twins Fiona and Natalie (26) – are not extravagant with their wealth and Mrs Connolly has no desire to buy a yacht.\n\nTheir biggest expenditure after their win was a six-bedroom house in Co Durham with seven acres of land, while Mr Connolly drives a second-hand Aston Martin, but Mrs Connolly scoffed at the idea of spending £13,000 on a console table.\n\nWhen she saw a TV show where someone in Monaco spent £25,000 on a bottle of champagne, she immediately thought that could have put a young person on the property ladder.\n\nMr Connolly still runs plastic businesses, while Mrs Connolly devotes her time to the trusts, which have backed local community groups to help people get into work, buy electronic tablets for old people so they can connect with their families, and supported refugees.\n\nYoung carers are particularly close to her heart, and the trust and personal donations have bought two caravans so they can go on respite breaks.\n\nMrs Connolly conceded she cannot “cure poverty” on her own, so she set up the trusts to get the backing of other people, supported by the groups\n\nshe is setting out to help.\n\nAsked why she was happy to give so much away, she said: “Oh, who needs all that money? Why wouldn’t you?\n\n"I’ve done that all my life.\n\n"I’m not being funny, I’d have been a millionaire anyway if I took back all the money I’ve given away over the years.\n\n“People do ask, ‘How did you cope with that amount of money?’ I said, ‘I never did. It wasn’t in the bank two days’."\n\nShe added: “It’s still weird, but I’ve never actually had to come to terms with all that money because we had it for such a short amount of time.”\n\nMrs Connolly agreed to stop giving away large amounts but has already donated 2022’s agreed budget – and for a decade beyond.\n\nShe said: “This was just in January…we do a budget every year, we check what we’re spending.\n\n“We’re (already) on 2032’s budget. We might have to revise that.”\n\nWinning such a huge sum has obviously changed the pair’s lives, but Mrs Connolly said it does not alter your personality.\n\nShe said: “If you’re stupid before you get it, you’re going to be stupid afterwards. Money’s not going to make you sensible.\n\n“Money liberates you to be the person that you want to be.\n\n“If I had any advice for a winner, that’s what I’d say. Think about what type of person you are and what type of person you want to be.”', 'image': 'https://www.independent.ie/irish-news/news/67159/41591089.ece/AUTOCROP/w1240h700/LOTTERY', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:31'}
{'title': 'Lotto winner who has given away half of £115m winnings says helping is addictive', 'keywords': ['given', 'half', 'mrs', 'stupid', 'helping', 'person', 'addictive', '115m', 'winnings', 'going', 'money', 'trust', 'youre', 'away', 'winner'], 'polarity': 0.023, 'subjectivity': 0.2817, 'link': 'https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/patrick-connolly-hartlepool-lotto-euromillions-northern-ireland-b2066064.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:48', 'summary': "A lottery winner who has given away more than half of her £115 million fortune said she is addicted to giving to others.\nShe estimates she has given away £60m, including to charity, but does not keep a tally, joking she would be worried in case her 57-year-old husband saw it.\nIf you're stupid before you get it, you're going to be stupid afterwards.\n“I’m not being funny, I’d have been a millionaire anyway if I took back all the money I’ve given away over the years.\nShe said: “If you’re stupid before you get it, you’re going to be stupid afterwards.", 'channel': 'independent.co.uk', 'text': "A lottery winner who has given away more than half of her £115 million fortune said she is addicted to giving to others.\n\nFrances Connolly revealed she has already busted the charity budget she agreed for this year with husband Paddy – and has given away what they would have donated up to 2032.\n\nThe 55-year-old former social worker and teacher has set up two charitable foundations, one named after her late mother Kathleen Graham in their native Northern Ireland, and the PFC Trust in Hartlepool, where the couple have lived for 30 years.\n\nOn Saturday, a gala fundraiser, which she organised with 250 guests, made more than £100,000 for the PFC Trust, which supports local young carers, the elderly and refugees.\n\nFrances and Patrick Connolly scooped the EuroMillions jackpot in 2019 (PA) (PA Wire)\n\nThe Connollys won on the EuroMillions in 2019 and immediately gave away large chunks of cash to friends and family, using a list she prepared in advance of the win – which she always believed would happen.\n\nShe estimates she has given away £60m, including to charity, but does not keep a tally, joking she would be worried in case her 57-year-old husband saw it.\n\nShe said helping others, whether with money or by volunteering her time, lifted people’s spirits during lockdown.\n\nShe said: “It gives you a buzz and it’s addictive.\n\n“I’m addicted to it now.”\n\nMrs Connolly has always been motivated to help others, volunteering for the St John Ambulance from age nine and setting up an Aids helpline when she was a student in Belfast.\n\nIf you're stupid before you get it, you're going to be stupid afterwards. Money's not going to make you sensible. Money liberates you to be the person that you want to be Mrs Connolly\n\nThe couple, who have three daughters – Catrina, 34, and twins Fiona and Natalie, 26 – are not extravagant with their wealth and Mrs Connolly has no desire to buy a yacht.\n\nTheir biggest expenditure after their win was a six-bedroom house in County Durham with seven acres of land, while Mr Connolly drives a second-hand Aston Martin, but Mrs Connolly scoffed at the idea of spending £13,000 on a console table.\n\nWhen she saw a TV show where someone in Monaco spent £25,000 on a bottle of champagne, she immediately thought that could have put a young person on the property ladder.\n\nMr Connolly still runs plastic businesses, while Mrs Connolly devotes her time to the trusts, which have backed local community groups to help people get into work, buy electronic tablets for old people so they can connect with their families, and supported refugees.\n\nYoung carers are particularly close to her heart, and the trust and personal donations have bought two caravans so they can go on respite breaks.\n\nMrs Connolly conceded she cannot “cure poverty” on her own, so she set up the trusts to get the backing of other people, supported by the groups she is setting out to help.\n\nAsked why she was happy to give so much away, she said: “Oh, who needs all that money?\n\n“Why wouldn’t you?\n\n“I’ve done that all my life.\n\n“I’m not being funny, I’d have been a millionaire anyway if I took back all the money I’ve given away over the years.\n\n“People do ask, ‘How did you cope with that amount of money?’ I said, ‘I never did. It wasn’t in the bank two days’.\n\nShe added: “It’s still weird, but I’ve never actually had to come to terms with all that money because we had it for such a short amount of time.”\n\nMrs Connolly agreed to stop giving away large amounts but has already donated 2022’s agreed budget – and for a decade beyond.\n\nShe said: “This was just in January… we do a budget every year, we check what we’re spending.\n\n“We’re (already) on 2032’s budget.\n\n“We might have to revise that.”\n\nWinning such a huge sum has obviously changed the pair’s lives, but Mrs Connolly said it does not alter your personality.\n\nShe said: “If you’re stupid before you get it, you’re going to be stupid afterwards.\n\n“Money’s not going to make you sensible.\n\n“Money liberates you to be the person that you want to be.\n\n“If I had any advice for a winner, that’s what I’d say.\n\n“Think about what type of person you are and what type of person you want to be.”", 'image': 'https://static.independent.co.uk/2022/04/26/20/8bccaeeea5567e1024d8d9ed0ae62835Y29udGVudHNlYXJjaGFwaSwxNjUxMDYxODI0-2.66573378.jpg?quality=75&width=1200&auto=webp', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:48'}
{'title': "Northern Ireland woman Frances Connolly already given away over half her £115m lottery win: ‘Addicted to giving'", 'keywords': ['half', 'mrs', 'woman', 'trust', 'supported', 'trusts', 'northern', 'away', 'winner', 'volunteering'], 'polarity': 0.0816, 'subjectivity': 0.3061, 'link': 'https://www.newsletter.co.uk/news/people/northern-ireland-woman-frances-connolly-already-given-away-over-half-her-ps115m-lottery-win-addicted-to-giving-3670215', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:45', 'summary': 'Frances Connolly revealed she has already busted the charity budget she agreed for this year with husband Paddy – and has given away what they would have donated up to 2032.\nThe lottery winner who has given away more than half of her £115m fortune said she is addicted to giving to others.\nShe estimates she has given away £60m, including to charity, but does not keep a tally, joking she would be worried in case her 57-year-old husband saw it.\nThe couple, who have three daughters – Catrina, 34, and twins Fiona and Natalie, 26 – are not extravagant with their wealth and Mrs Connolly has no desire to buy a yacht.\n“I’m not being funny, I’d have been a millionaire anyway if I took back all the money I’ve given away over the years.', 'channel': 'newsletter.co.uk', 'text': 'Frances Connolly revealed she has already busted the charity budget she agreed for this year with husband Paddy – and has given away what they would have donated up to 2032.\n\nThe 55-year-old former social worker and teacher has set up two charitable foundations, one named after her late mother Kathleen Graham in their native Northern Ireland, and the PFC Trust in Hartlepool, where the couple have lived for 30 years.\n\nOn Saturday, a gala fundraiser, which she organised with 250 guests, made more than £100,000 for the PFC Trust, which supports local young carers, the elderly and refugees.\n\nSign up to our daily newsletter Sign up Thanks for signing up! Sorry, there seem to be some issues. Please try again later. Submitting...\n\nLottery winner Frances Connnolly, who is from NI, at Hartlepool College, County Durham. The lottery winner who has given away more than half of her £115m fortune said she is addicted to giving to others.\n\nThe Connollys won on the EuroMillions in 2019 and immediately gave away large chunks of cash to friends and family, using a list she prepared in advance of the win – which she always believed would happen.\n\nShe estimates she has given away £60m, including to charity, but does not keep a tally, joking she would be worried in case her 57-year-old husband saw it.\n\nShe said helping others, whether with money or by volunteering her time, lifted people’s spirits during lockdown.\n\nShe said: “It gives you a buzz and it’s addictive.\n\n“I’m addicted to it now.”\n\nMrs Connolly has always been motivated to help others, volunteering for the St John Ambulance from age nine and setting up an Aids helpline when she was a student in Belfast.\n\nThe couple, who have three daughters – Catrina, 34, and twins Fiona and Natalie, 26 – are not extravagant with their wealth and Mrs Connolly has no desire to buy a yacht.\n\nTheir biggest expenditure after their win was a six-bedroom house in Co Durham with seven acres of land, while Mr Connolly drives a second-hand Aston Martin, but Mrs Connolly scoffed at the idea of spending £13,000 on a console table.\n\nMr Connolly still runs plastic businesses, while Mrs Connolly devotes her time to the trusts, which have backed local community groups to help people get into work, buy electronic tablets for old people so they can connect with their families, and supported refugees.\n\nYoung carers are particularly close to her heart, and the trust and personal donations have bought two caravans so they can go on respite breaks.\n\nMrs Connolly conceded she cannot “cure poverty” on her own, so she set up the trusts to get the backing of other people, supported by the groups she is setting out to help.\n\nAsked why she was happy to give so much away, she said: “Oh, who needs all that money?\n\n“Why wouldn’t you?\n\n“I’ve done that all my life.\n\n“I’m not being funny, I’d have been a millionaire anyway if I took back all the money I’ve given away over the years.', 'image': 'https://www.newsletter.co.uk/webimg/TUFZMTM4MjI0ODIx.jpg?width=2048&enable=upscale', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:45'}

{'title': "John Wilkins, the ‘lovable' former editor of the Tablet, dies at 85", 'keywords': ['church', 'paper', 'shall', 'right', 'friend', 'editor', 'john'], 'polarity': 0.1084, 'subjectivity': 0.3447, 'link': 'https://catholicherald.co.uk/john-wilkins-the-lovable-former-editor-of-the-tablet-dies-at-85/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:01', 'summary': 'John Wilkins was editor of The Tablet for 21 years until 2003.\nHe had previously been assistant editor of the paper in 1967 but left to join the BBC, rejoining it as editor in 1982.\nDuring his time as editor, circulation of The Tablet almost tripled.\nThose are some of the bare facts about John Wilkins.\nIn a tribute to John Wilkins, his friend Hugo Young quoted his first editorial in the paper, which was republished in a book of essays edited by Austen Ivereigh.', 'channel': 'catholicherald.co.uk', 'text': 'John Wilkins was editor of The Tablet for 21 years until 2003. He had previously been assistant editor of the paper in 1967 but left to join the BBC, rejoining it as editor in 1982. During his time as editor, circulation of The Tablet almost tripled. He was born in 1936, he went to Clare College Cambridge, and did his national service with the Gloucestershire Regiment.\n\nThose are some of the bare facts about John Wilkins. But bare facts cannot do justice to one of the most lovable men I have known. I wrote for a number of years for him as an editor – he was especially hospitable to my pieces about the war in the former Yugoslavia – but he was also a great friend. He was a bachelor – I gathered the woman whom he would have married, died – and much of the time and energy that might have been expended on a family was devoted to the paper he edited and to his friends.\n\nTo both he was utterly generous. He took enormous trouble in editing The Tablet, expending huge effort in commissioning and editing, and getting every detail of the tone and balance of the leaders right. He would go to endless trouble to search out the right people to write and to interview; his range of acquaintance was enormous and he was endlessly helpful in sharing his insights and his contacts. On one occasion he made the long and difficult journey to Tubingen University to interview the dissident theologian, Hans Kung (and remarked wonderingly that the great man did not offer him a cup of tea when he got there). He would agonise over every aspect of the paper, and would quite often stretch deadlines right to the brink of edition times, to the exasperation of his colleagues. When he retired, after the Christmas edition in 2003, the valedictory address at his leaving party was made by Shirley Williams, his friend, who paid tribute to the breadth of his sympathies, social and political.\n\nHe was an enthusiast for the Second Vatican Council, and was intensely sympathetic to its spirit. He himself was a convert to Catholicism, starting first as a Methodist, like his mother, who was a devoted member of that church, then joining the Church of England. Finally, he became a Catholic, quite simply because he realised that he felt at home in the company of Catholics, and had become a Catholic almost unconsciously. As a convert, he was less troubled by the liturgical changes that followed the Council than many others. He was equally at home with all forms of Catholic worship, traditional and modern; these things, he felt, did not matter very much in the end. The Tablet, under his editorship, and especially with Clifford Longley as leaderwriter, was liberal in its politics, but he never sought to be uncharitable to those of other views; his own language was always temperate and considered. His voice was gentle and mellifluous; he looked and sounded like a benign don.\n\nHe was an extraordinarily good listener, simply because he was interested in what absolutely everyone had to say. At any dinner, people would unburden themselves to him because he focused intently on them; it was almost a pastoral gift. And he would engage wholeheartedly in conversation. Once when we had begun a discussion of a subject that interested him at a dinner in my flat, he came to see me the following morning, having walked through the pouring rain, to take up the discussion where we had left it. In retirement he was as sociable as ever. He was often sought for a disinterested take on church affairs by broadcasters and other journalists.\n\nHis one passion in life was birdwatching, though he denied he belonged to that specialist breed of obsessives known as Twitchers. The pursuit came about from his extended illness as a boy, when he would watch birds endlessly from his bedroom window. He was extraordinarily knowledgeable, easily able to identify birds by their song as well as appearance and habits.\n\nIn a tribute to John Wilkins, his friend Hugo Young quoted his first editorial in the paper, which was republished in a book of essays edited by Austen Ivereigh. It says much about his feeling for the Church:\n\n“Our concern is with the world as much as with the Church: with everything that is human. We shall seek to inform and interpret as well as to comment. We shall seek to entertain. Above all, we shall hope that in the future, as in the past, readers may find in our pages that message without which the world perishes.”\n\nMany readers of The Catholic Herald will have differed with John Wilkins on matters of Church teaching and governance, but with the spirit of that leader, none of us can disagree. He loved the Church and his work was a kind of vocation within it. He was a good man. Requiescat in pace.\n\n(Photo courtesy of The Tablet)', 'image': 'https://catholicherald.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/Wilkins.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:01'}
{'title': 'John Wilkins: a tribute', 'keywords': ['church', 'paper', 'tablets', 'catholic', 'johns', 'editor', 'tablet', 'vatican', 'readers'], 'polarity': 0.1057, 'subjectivity': 0.362, 'link': 'https://www.thetablet.co.uk/texts-speeches-homilies/4/2047/john-wilkins-a-tribute', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:08', 'summary': 'Editing a paper that speaks out of, and to some extent into, an avowedly authoritarian institution such as the Roman Catholic Church is an altogether subtler task.\nJohn has seen off these challenges thanks, in my opinion, to four great qualities he brought to the job of editing.\nI think it owed much to a twin approach, subtly brought about, that has made John’s Tablet distinctive.\nSupplying both is what made John Wilkins a great editor.\nA tribute to John Wilkins by Hugo Young, published in 2003, the year he retired as editor of “The Tablet” in a collection of essays, “Unfinished Journey, the Church 40 years after Vatican II”, edited by Austen Ivereigh and published by Continuum.', 'channel': 'thetablet.co.uk', 'text': 'Those of us who write for the British broadsheet press think we know the supreme value of journalistic independence. Even the editors of Rupert Murdoch’s tabloids will go to their graves reciting with sincerity their lifelong defence of the freedom of the writer - the columnist, the reporter, scribes of every kind – to perform without interference from government. Proprietors may be another matter, but in the eyes of most British editors who work for powerful proprietors, the owner’s instructions do not count as interference. So we all have our ways of wallowing in the pieties of the British way of journalism. We observe no official agendas. We think we have no constituency except our readers, otherwise known as markets. We can rattle off the canons of independence, even though in the grubby worlds of commerce and propaganda these may not always be perfectly observed.\n\nEditing a paper that speaks out of, and to some extent into, an avowedly authoritarian institution such as the Roman Catholic Church is an altogether subtler task. The ground rules are different. The usual pieties cannot erase the context, or the sense that there is a particular constituency to be addressed. Independence requires a more scrupulous definition than is usually to be found in the self-serving clichés of the Daily Mail. The Tablet has not become arguably the most influential Catholic weekly in the world by flailing against all authority. Such is the nature of its audience that it would not have survived had it taken that path. And yet, within its own context, it has retained, above all else, independence.\n\nThe genius of John Wilkins – I do not use the world lightly – in his two decades as editor of The Tablet is to have trodden a path between the traps that lie in wait for anyone in his position. He has preserved the paper’s identity, embedded in the Catholic Christian tradition, as a loyal friend of the Church from which it grew. Yet he has insisted that neither loyalty nor friendship require servility or obedience. He has maintained the kind of independence that no journalism, whatever niche it occupies, can afford to sacrifice if it wishes serious readers to believe what it writes.\n\nThis definition of The Tablet’s role has not been as easily accepted within the Church as some of us had every reason to believe it should have been. John’s time as editor, after all, began when the philosophy of Vatican II, which the paper had dedicated itself to serving ever since the end of the Council, still appeared to bathe the Roman Church – certainly the English branch of it – in the glow of openness and tolerance that is consistent, among other things, with the best kind of journalism. But old mind-sets die hard. Not every bishop is a born Jeffersonian democrat, and by no means every strand of English Catholicism has foresworn the blind fealties of the pre-conciliar faith. While John was far too canny to engage in open battles with the hierarchy, there were vigilant eyes over his shoulder that still have only a shallow understanding of an editor’s perspective. They assumed – still do, in some cases – that the task of The Tablet was to be the unquestioning voice of Rome.\n\nNowhere was this misunderstanding more palpable than in Rome itself. Throughout John’s editorship, the very influence his paper acquired redoubled the complaints in the Vatican that its orthodoxy did not come up to muster. We witnessed the incapacity of the truly authoritarian mind to understand the most elementary meaning of journalistic independence. In certain corners of the Vatican The Tablet is criticised for its heterodoxy but more so, even after 20 years’ evidence to the contrary, for the perception that it is itself an organ of the English branch of the Roman Church and therefore engaging in the heresy of criticism with official blessing. Some English bishops – a small minority perhaps – might like it to be more like that. Some Church leaders in John’s time have thought nothing of calling him in for discussions that were not meant to be entirely collegial conversations between equals. But they knew, in the end, their limits. In Rome, the concept of a paper that is both truly Catholic and truly independent is literally beyond the comprehension of cardinals steeped in the culture of their own institutional power.\n\nJohn has seen off these challenges thanks, in my opinion, to four great qualities he brought to the job of editing. He once told me he regarded the job as his vocation. I inferred this to mean it was the job above all others he was born to do, and to which he could bring the kind of commitment one might liken to that of a dedicated pastor.\n\nThis highlights his first virtue: an almost fanatical industry. He has cared about every word appearing in every issue of the paper he edited. He has been a hard-driving editor, not always easy for his small staff to work with. But great editors, especially of weekly papers, are often like that. They have to be. Their personal passions are what make their paper special, and their dedication to the details are usually what make it unique. There needs to be an element of benevolent dictatorship, which, rather like William Shawn, the legendary editor of the New Yorker for several decades in the mid-twentieth century, John duly supplied to The Tablet. Day and night, seven days a week, he toiled over the commissioning, the re-writing, the sub-editing, the correcting and – very necessary – the rejecting of what next week’s paper might contain.\n\nPersonally I have never known him lose his cool or courtesy, though perhaps his staff has seen his collar get a little warm. But there was an iron rigour about his references and standards. He was a catholic as well as Catholic editor, but always clear that The Tablet should consist of pieces that passed his own subjective test of what was worth printing. The Tablet became his paper, as it had to be. John earned this right by giving his life to it, paying the costs as well as gaining the satisfactions of that degree of commitment.\n\nThis opens up his second great quality: the fact that he developed a vision of what The Tablet should become, and worked by slow degrees to make it happen. The formula proved an extraordinary success. He knew what his readers wanted, the tone that stimulated them, the range of subjects that would appeal. The circulation all but tripled in his time, without benefit of the massive marketing that pushed one of The Tablet’s contemporaries, the Spectator, at much expense, into a different league. The more interesting comparison is with the New Statesman, whose present circulation barely exceeds The Tablet’s. As The Tablet’s audience grew, the New Statesman’s shrank.\n\nHow did this happen? I think it owed much to a twin approach, subtly brought about, that has made John’s Tablet distinctive. On the one hand, he eased it out of the Catholic, and even the religious, ghetto. It retained that special feel. But what it had to say about the politics and complications of the moment, especially when they were international, made it a mainstream presence. At the same time, its agenda, like its perspective, remained its own. From the start, this was, of course, ecumenical. That was elementary, and added greatly to The Tablet’s audience. But it amplified a wider journalistic point. Read down the Tablet index of contents in any week, and compare these with what its secular competitors announce, and you find, unfailingly, many fewer pieces that simply re-hash the issues the daily papers have incessantly chewed over. Time and again, its roots give it something else to say. For readers in search of fresh fields of controversy to graze, The Tablet offers much the largest diet of originality.\n\nIn the international field especially, there is no contest. The universal Church supplies not only a religious dimension to the discussion of global problems. It guarantees a more universal agenda, and supplies a far-flung network of contributors, often people of unusual distinction outside journalism, the like of which is much harder for a secular weekly to establish. The core of this internationalism may be the Church in the World reporting at the back of the paper, a section to which John particularly applied his famous industry. But at the front, enlightening features regularly appear - whether about Latin America or eastern Europe, especially - covering ground neglected throughout the rest of the British press. In a globalised world, John’s unfailing resistance to parochialism has been a major explanation of his paper’s steady success at home and abroad.\n\nThirdly, he knows his subject as well as he understands his audience. John, let’s never forget, is a serious Catholic. He has read the encyclicals and the other texts. He has penetrated deep into the faith, as converts often do, putting us cradle Catholics to shame. He knows the post-conciliar history of the Church as well as any man alive.\n\nHe knows the back alleys of Rome and the Vatican, the safe houses where contacts may still be found by an editor not entirely approved of by Cardinal Ratzinger. No prudent bookie would fix odds on likely papal successors without touching base with John – even though he expressed as much sceptical uncertainty as anyone about how the forces in the consistory would in the end be ranged. His role in the Church nearer home has been just as sophisticated.\n\nThough The Tablet’s readership is conspicuously global, its domestic voice matters. John’s editorship coincided with a series of battles for supremacy between the Vatican and domestic hierarchies, especially over episcopal appointments. Under Cardinal Basil Hume, the English Church was remarkably free of the divisions that scarred its continental counterparts. The cardinal had his ways of pre-empting the imposition of bishops from what one can only call the hard right. Himself personifying the English temperament of tolerance and moderation, Hume ensured for the most part that John Paul II was deflected from making appointments that would challenge if not insult that national characteristic. But The Tablet had a big role there too. As the main lay tone-setter for both intellectual and political Catholicism, it nurtured a climate in which Hume was able to defend his offshore outpost against the turbulence that some forces in Rome desired to unleash upon it. Without John’s personal knowledge and watchfulness, and the respect in which he himself is held, this could not have happened to such benign effect.\n\nFinally, though, one goes back to his grasp of the elusive quality that few other editors have to think about so carefully. In this, he would agree, he has been supported throughout his time by The Tablet’s owners. The paper is not a wholly, or even partly, owned subsidiary of the Church. The owners and the board have been as assiduous as the editor in sustaining that position, just as they have scrupulously avoided intervening, except sometimes on necessary budgetary matters, in the editorial decisions the editor makes. They, too, know what independence means.\n\nBut it is the editor who has to apply that easily-stated philosophy in more complicated practice, and this is what John has been doing for 20 years. He is a friend of the Church but not its slave, an ally but not one subornable into believing that criticism amounts to disloyalty. Above all he has been a friend, through some taxing times, of The Tablet’s ever-expanding circle of readers. Without that bond, an editor will always fail. He must know how to challenge as well as satisfy them. In the challenge lies the satisfaction, for readers of a paper like The Tablet. Supplying both is what made John Wilkins a great editor.\n\nA tribute to John Wilkins by Hugo Young, published in 2003, the year he retired as editor of “The Tablet” in a collection of essays, “Unfinished Journey, the Church 40 years after Vatican II”, edited by Austen Ivereigh and published by Continuum.', 'image': 'https://www.thetablet.co.uk/UserFiles/images/blogs/john-wilkins-cartoon-rwilson.jpeg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:08'}

{'title': 'Opposition MPs raise concerns over human rights in India amid trade deal talks', 'keywords': ['deal', 'raise', 'trade', 'ford', 'opposition', 'human', 'mp', 'johal', 'rights', 'talks', 'concerns', 'uk'], 'polarity': -0.0505, 'subjectivity': 0.2227, 'link': 'https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/ian-blackford-zarah-sultana-prime-minister-mps-india-b2065734.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:03', 'summary': 'Opposition MPs raised concerns over human rights in India after the Prime Minister said on a visit last week that the UK hopes to have a trade deal worked out with the country by October.\nOne Labour told the House of Commons that the UK would be “dancing on the human rights and civil liberties” of communities across India if it signed a free-trade deal with the country.\nLabour MP Zarah Sultana (Coventry South) criticised the Prime Minister for visiting a JCB factory the day after reports its vehicles were used to “destroy and demolish Muslim homes and businesses in Delhi”.\n“Following his visit last week the Prime Minister should have come to this House and given an update, he has once again failed to do so,” he said.\nForeign Office minister Vicky Ford said “We do not pursue trade at the exclusion of human rights.', 'channel': 'independent.co.uk', 'text': 'Opposition MPs raised concerns over human rights in India after the Prime Minister said on a visit last week that the UK hopes to have a trade deal worked out with the country by October.\n\nOne Labour told the House of Commons that the UK would be “dancing on the human rights and civil liberties” of communities across India if it signed a free-trade deal with the country.\n\nLabour MP Zarah Sultana (Coventry South) criticised the Prime Minister for visiting a JCB factory the day after reports its vehicles were used to “destroy and demolish Muslim homes and businesses in Delhi”.\n\nShe said visiting the factory was a “mistake”.\n\nPrime Minister Boris Johnson waves from a JCB at the new JCB Factory in Vadodara, Gujarat (Ben Stansall/PA) (PA Wire)\n\nLabour MP Khalid Mahmood (Birmingham Perry Barr) told MPs: “India is a human rights abuser across all of its country: for the Sikh Community, for the Muslim community, for the Christian community and particularly more strongly for the Kashmiri community.\n\n“When she talks about signing an agreement coming up to Diwali, they will be dancing on the human rights and civil liberties of all those people who have been persecuted in India, and will she accept that is not acceptable to us as a democracy?”\n\nSNP Westminster leader Ian Blackford, who kicked off the debate in the Commons by asking an urgent question, asked: “Given the many concerns about ongoing human rights violations in the country, what provisions will be made in any free trade deal to promote and protect our values?”\n\nMr Blackford also criticised Boris Johnson for not being present in the chamber to answer questions, saying he has “no respect for the office he occupies and even less respect” for the House of Commons.\n\n“Following his visit last week the Prime Minister should have come to this House and given an update, he has once again failed to do so,” he said.\n\nForeign Office minister Vicky Ford said “We do not pursue trade at the exclusion of human rights.\n\n“We regard both as an important part of a deep, mature and wide-ranging relationship with our partners.”\n\nShe said both countries wanted to conclude the “majority” of the talks on the “comprehensive and balanced” agreement “by the end of October”.\n\nShe said: “We condemn any instance of discrimination because of freedom of religion or belief.\n\n“Protecting freedom of religion or belief is one of the absolutely top human rights priorities for this country.”\n\nJagtar Singh Johal (Family/PA) (PA Media)\n\nLabour MP Apsana Begum described reports of Islamophobia in India, saying “leading public figures have openly called for Muslims to be killed”, and what she said was a court ruling banning school girls from hearing hijabs.\n\nMs Ford said: “It’s a shocking story that she tells.\n\n“But we do engage with India on a range of human rights matters.”\n\nShe added: “Where we have concerns we raise them directly with the Government of India, including at ministerial level.”\n\nElsewhere in the debate, the minister said the Prime Minister did raise the case of Jagtar Singh Johal while on the trip.\n\nMr Johal of Dumbarton was arrested on November 4 2017 after travelling to the Punjab for his wedding, with local media linking his detention to the killing of Hindu leaders in the area.\n\nSNP MP Martin Docherty-Hughes MP (West Dunbartonshire) asked “did the Prime Minister, not civil servants, not about a note, directly challenge the arbitrary detention of Jagtar Singh Johal who now faces a death penalty?”\n\nMs Ford said: “The Prime Minister did raise Mr Johal’s case.\n\n“And he also handed over a note on consular cases.”\n\nElsewhere in the debate, Labour shadow international trade secretary Nick Thomas-Symonds asked the Commons: “Why would a UK Prime Minister waste such an opportunity to at least try and convince our Indian friends to join us in standing up to (Vladimir) Putin’s aggression?”\n\nMs Ford replied: “The British Prime Minister and prime minister (Narendra) Modi released a statement immediately after that meeting unequivocally condemning civilian deaths, reiterating the need for an immediate cessation of hostilities and for peaceful resolution of the conflict.\n\n“He might like to take a look at that.”', 'image': 'https://static.independent.co.uk/2022/04/26/14/d690f50dae7d1c669e8d667e9a378ea6Y29udGVudHNlYXJjaGFwaSwxNjUxMDY2NjQz-2.66482895.jpg?quality=75&width=1200&auto=webp', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:03'}
{'title': 'UK-Rwanda asylum deal raises human rights concerns', 'keywords': ['deal', 'ukrwanda', 'international', 'raises', 'human', 'migration', 'concerns', 'refugees', 'uk'], 'polarity': 0.0737, 'subjectivity': 0.3035, 'link': 'https://www.vaticannews.va/en/world/news/2022-04/human-rights-uk-rwanda-migrants-asylum-seekers-mogwe-alice.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:23', 'summary': 'Alice Mogwe, the President of the International Federation for Human Rights, underlines human rights concerns in the proposal and raises questions about the obligations of countries to migrants and asylum seekers.\nInternational lawBotswanan activist and lawyer, Alice Mogwe spoke with Vatican News on this latest deal between the UK and Rwanda, reflecting on its implications from the perspective of human rights.\nShe is the President of the International Federation for Human Rights (FIDH).\nUK/Rwanda asylum deal: deterrent or dangerousDespite the perils of the journey, last year alone at least 28,431 people crossed the English Channel, with some unsuccessful, including 27 who died when their boat sank in November, according to the BBC.\nMore so, she calls for a revision of the Asylum agreement, stressing that states need to comply with international human rights standards.', 'channel': 'vaticannews.va', 'text': 'Migrants picked up at sea while attempting to cross the English Channel (AFP or licensors)\n\nThe controversial agreement between the UK and Rwanda to externalize processing asylum claims in the East African country has drawn swift criticism from several quarters. Alice Mogwe, the President of the International Federation for Human Rights, underlines human rights concerns in the proposal and raises questions about the obligations of countries to migrants and asylum seekers.\n\nBy Benedict Mayaki, SJ\n\nHumanity has always been on the move. Since the earliest times, global migration and mobility have been influenced by various trends, including the search for work, better conditions of livelihood, and safety from war and natural disasters, among others.\n\nThis challenge of migration is a pressing topic on the international agenda, and more especially for frontline states in Europe and the United States, which have had to shoulder more of the responsibility of dealing with the influx of migrants who have left or have been forced to flee their countries in search of a better life. Many of these people have to brave perilous journeys by sea or land to arrive at their destinations.\n\nThe growing numbers of migrants arriving on foreign shores have set off debates about migration policies in many countries. While many aspects are relatively uncontroversial, there are other sides that have exposed flaws in migration laws, raised concerns for the respect for the safety and dignity of migrants, and have led to policy debates.\n\nA recent case of policy controversy is the announcement of an agreement between the United Kingdom and Rwanda that will see some of the migrants and asylum seekers who enter Britain illegally sent to the East African nation to have their asylum claims processed there. This announcement has drawn sharp criticism from UK opposition politicians as well as religious, human rights, and refugee groups, who raise moral and legal questions about a country’s obligations to migrants and asylum seekers.\n\nInternational law\n\nBotswanan activist and lawyer, Alice Mogwe spoke with Vatican News on this latest deal between the UK and Rwanda, reflecting on its implications from the perspective of human rights. She is the President of the International Federation for Human Rights (FIDH).\n\nMogwe argues that this deal is a breach of international law, particularly the 1951 UN Refugee Convention, which puts an obligation on signatory States to ensure that asylum seekers who go through the proper asylum-seeking procedures are protected, and have access to their territories. She is concerned about the risk that some asylum claims may not even be considered before people are shipped off to Rwanda.\n\nMeanwhile, British Prime Minister Boris Johnson justifies the deal, saying that it will discourage people from making the dangerous attempt of crossing the English Channel and will also protect migrants from people-smuggling gangs.\n\nSome welcome, others not?\n\nThe UK/Rwanda asylum and migrant proposal comes against the backdrop of international efforts, including by Britain, to create structures of welcome for the millions of Ukrainian refugees who have fled for their lives from the ongoing Russian invasion of their country.\n\nAs of 21 April, the UK had issued visas to 71,800Ukrainian refugees; 32,500 of those fall under the Ukraine Family Scheme visas, while 39,300 are part of the Ukraine Sponsorship Scheme visas.\n\nMogwe recalls the African concept of “ubuntu” which invites everyone to respect the fundamental dignity of the other, in recognition of our common humanity which binds us together. However, she notes that this UK/Rwanda deal may be setting a precedent that “those who are not wanted in the UK are acceptable in Africa.”\n\nThis, she notes, is further underlined, by the military, which has operational command for cross-channel counter migration operations “with a focus on ensuring that those who are not wanted in the UK are sent elsewhere.”\n\nListen to our interview with Alice Mogwe\n\nThe risk of human commodification\n\nThe controversial refugee-outsourcing agreement will see Britain pay an initial 120 million pounds to Rwanda to accept possibly thousands of refugees who try to enter the UK in small boats via the English Channel.\n\nRe-echoing the viewpoints many critiques have referred to this as effectively enabling legalized human trafficking, Mogwe added that it could be a reminder of the African history of colonialism and human commodification during the trans-Atlantic slave trade.\n\nShe supports this claim by recalling the words of Professor Richardson from the University of Hull, who narrates an episode of history where the Royal Navy intercepted a shipment of slaves from West Africa but did not allow the liberated slaves the option of choosing where to settle.\n\nUK/Rwanda asylum deal: deterrent or dangerous\n\nDespite the perils of the journey, last year alone at least 28,431 people crossed the English Channel, with some unsuccessful, including 27 who died when their boat sank in November, according to the BBC.\n\nMogwe questions if the new deal will not push people to find other potentially more dangerous ways of entering into the UK, further risking their lives in the interest of seeking a better life or fleeing situations of poor governance and civil unrest.\n\n“What we would have liked to see”, she says, is “for the government of the UK to focus more on creating safer routes for asylum seekers.”\n\nMogwe also states her unease that the UK, a leader in the commonwealth, would make such a move because the country, in January 2021, had raised concerns before the Human Rights Council about the state of human rights in Rwanda, and called upon the East African nation to model Commonwealth values of democracy, respect for rights, and the rule of law.\n\nConcrete recommendations\n\nIn lieu of the controversial agreement, the FIDH president invites governments to stop focusing on the consequences of migration but rather coordinate efforts to stem the causes of migration.\n\n“Nobody wakes up one day and decides to leave their country if there is good governance, if there is a rule of law, if human rights are in fact being protected and respected,” she says.\n\nMore so, she calls for a revision of the Asylum agreement, stressing that states need to comply with international human rights standards.\n\n“What will happen to those who are vulnerable?” she asks. “What\'s going to happen if children are separated? What\'s going to happen if people fail to be recognized as refugees in Rwanda once they reach there?”\n\nThe Church in service of migrants\n\nIn the midst of the conversation surrounding the asylum deal, Mogwe notes the role that the Catholic Church has been playing in speaking up against the proposal.\n\nThe UK branch of the Jesuit Refugee Service (JRS), for example, denounced the plan, calling it “a craven disregard for humanity and dignity,” happening “in the face of horrifying evidence that offshore processing fosters human rights abuses.”\n\nMogwe also calls on the Holy Father who holds the plight of migrants and refugees dear to his heart, to shine the light on the issue.\n\nPope Francis, in fact, has often appealed for migrants and refugees to be welcomed, protected, promoted, and integrated. On the 107th World Day for Migrants and Refugees, the Pope, once again, urged all people to "walk together, without prejudice and without fear, drawing near to the most vulnerable: migrants, refugees, displaced persons, victims of human trafficking, and the abandoned.”\n\nFinally, Mogwe calls on governments around to world to take positive action to address the situation of migrants and asylum seekers.', 'image': 'https://www.vaticannews.va/content/dam/vaticannews/agenzie/images/afp/2021/07/20/12/1626775603175.jpg/_jcr_content/renditions/cq5dam.thumbnail.cropped.1500.844.jpeg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:23'}

{'title': 'Defence minister backs Ukraine striking Russian soil with British weapons', 'keywords': ['british', 'backs', 'minister', 'weapons', 'striking', 'used', 'defence', 'world', 'ukrainians', 'soil', 'mr', 'told', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0003, 'subjectivity': 0.3334, 'link': 'https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/russia-oil-james-heappey-ukraine-war-b2065500.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:42', 'summary': 'The UK’s armed forces minister has suggested it is “completely legitimate” for Ukraine to carry out strikes on military targets in Russian territory, including ammunition depots and fuel supplies.\nThe defence minister’s comments came as he dismissed Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov’s claims that Western allies are “pouring oil on the fire” by providing the government in Kyiv with firepower.\nDefence minister James Heappey (PA)Mr Heappey said “of course” the UK backs reported strikes on fuel depots in Russia.\nRussian foreign minister Mr Lavrov has warned that the threat of nuclear conflict “should not be under-estimated”.\nBut Mr Heappey told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme that the chances of nuclear warfare are “vanishingly small”.', 'channel': 'independent.co.uk', 'text': 'The UK’s armed forces minister has suggested it is “completely legitimate” for Ukraine to carry out strikes on military targets in Russian territory, including ammunition depots and fuel supplies.\n\nJames Heappey said it was “not necessarily a problem” if British-donated weapons are used to hit sites, insisting that if logistics aren’t disrupted they would “directly contribute to the death and carnage on Ukrainian soil”.\n\nThe defence minister’s comments came as he dismissed Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov’s claims that Western allies are “pouring oil on the fire” by providing the government in Kyiv with firepower.\n\nDefence minister James Heappey (PA)\n\nMr Heappey said “of course” the UK backs reported strikes on fuel depots in Russia.\n\nHe told Times Radio it is “completely legitimate for Ukraine to be targeting in Russia’s depth in order to disrupt the logistics that if they weren’t disrupted would directly contribute to death and carnage on Ukrainian soil”.\n\nAnd the minister said it is “not necessarily a problem” if British-donated weapons are used to hit sites on Russian soil after accepting that weapons now being supplied by allies to Ukraine have the range to be used over borders.\n\n“There are lots of countries around the world that operate kit that they have imported from other countries; when those bits of kit are used we tend not to blame the country that manufactured it, you blame the country that fired it,” he added.\n\nThe comments mark a further strengthening of the UK’s position, as allies shift from caution against antagonising President Vladimir Putin to supplying more and more lethal aid.\n\nRussian foreign minister Mr Lavrov has warned that the threat of nuclear conflict “should not be under-estimated”.\n\nHe accused Nato forces of “pouring oil on the fire” by providing weapons, as he warned against provoking “World War Three”.\n\nBut Mr Heappey told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme that the chances of nuclear warfare are “vanishingly small”.\n\nHe told Mr Lavrov to “reflect” on the reason there is a war in Ukraine being that Russia invaded, telling Sky News: “All of this noise from Moscow about somehow their attack on Ukraine being a response to Nato aggression is just utter, utter nonsense.”\n\nMr Heappey has said there is “every chance” that the Ukrainians will see off the Russians in the invasion, arguing that Moscow’s victory in the east of Ukraine is not inevitable.\n\n“We’ll see a conflict between two forces that are much more evenly balanced, where the Ukrainians have the advantage of defensive positions that have been dug in and prepared over the last eight years, and that’s going to make it an extraordinarily difficult nut for the Russians to crack,” he told Sky.\n\n“And with all the support that the Ukrainians are getting from around the world, there’s every chance the Ukrainians can see them off.”', 'image': 'https://static.independent.co.uk/2022/04/26/09/26084613-6e545108-1cda-4ee6-88da-d864dc5380fc.jpg?quality=75&width=1200&auto=webp', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:42'}
{'title': 'Minister backs Ukraine carrying out Russia strikes with British weapons', 'keywords': ['war', 'british', 'heappey', 'strikes', 'weapons', 'used', 'country', 'ukrainians', 'victory', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0281, 'subjectivity': 0.3454, 'link': 'https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2022/apr/26/britain-backs-ukraine-carrying-out-strikes-in-russia-says-minister', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:32', 'summary': 'The UK backs Ukrainian troops carrying out strikes in Russian territory, the armed forces minister has said, calling it “not necessarily a problem” if Ukraine uses weapons donated by Britain.\nJames Heappey said the UK believed it was “completely legitimate” for Ukraine to identify targets in Russia in order to disrupt attacks on Ukraine.\nResponding to the comments, Moscow warned Britain that if it continued to help Ukraine to strike targets in Russia then there would be an immediate “proportional response”.\nHe said it was “not necessarily a problem” if British-donated weapons were used to hit sites on Russian soil after accepting that weapons allies were supplying to Ukraine had the range to be used over borders.\nThe prime minister said that a war of attrition in Ukraine meant Russia could grind out an eventual victory and “the sad thing is that that is a realistic possibility”.', 'channel': 'theguardian.com', 'text': 'The UK backs Ukrainian troops carrying out strikes in Russian territory, the armed forces minister has said, calling it “not necessarily a problem” if Ukraine uses weapons donated by Britain.\n\nJames Heappey said the UK believed it was “completely legitimate” for Ukraine to identify targets in Russia in order to disrupt attacks on Ukraine.\n\nResponding to the comments, Moscow warned Britain that if it continued to help Ukraine to strike targets in Russia then there would be an immediate “proportional response”.\n\nHeappey told Times Radio: “Ukraine was a sovereign country that was living peacefully within its owner borders and then another country decided to violate those borders and bring 130,000 troops across into their country.\n\n“That started a war between Ukraine and Russia, and in war Ukraine needs to strike into its opponent’s depth to attack its logistics lines, its fuel supplies, its ammunition depots, and that’s part of it.”\n\nHe added that it was “completely legitimate for Ukraine to be targeting in Russia’s depth in order to disrupt the logistics that if they weren’t disrupted would directly contribute to death and carnage on Ukrainian soil”.\n\nHe said it was “not necessarily a problem” if British-donated weapons were used to hit sites on Russian soil after accepting that weapons allies were supplying to Ukraine had the range to be used over borders.\n\n“There are lots of countries around the world that operate kit that they have imported from other countries. When those bits of kit are used we tend not to blame [the country] that manufactured it, you blame the country that fired it.”\n\nHeappey said there was “every chance” the Ukrainians would be able to repel the Russian forces, a more optimistic tone than struck by Boris Johnson in India last week. The prime minister said that a war of attrition in Ukraine meant Russia could grind out an eventual victory and “the sad thing is that that is a realistic possibility”.\n\nSign up to First Edition, our free daily newsletter – every weekday morning at 7am\n\nHeappey said that in the east of the country the conflict would be between two forces that were “much more evenly balanced, where the Ukrainians have the advantage of defensive positions that have been dug in and prepared over the last eight years and that’s going to make it an extraordinarily difficult nut for the Russians to crack”.\n\n“And with all the support that the Ukrainians are getting from around the world, there’s every chance the Ukrainians can see them off,” he told Sky.\n\nSpeaking earlier on the BBC, Heappey said the Russian president, Vladimir Putin, was determined to claim some kind of victory before the 9 May victory parade, a time pressure he said would force errors by the Russians.\n\nHe said commanders would know it was “militarily unsound” to attempt to keep to a set date. “It is absolute folly to launch an offensive before you’ve massed all of your combat power and that they’re giving away whatever advantage they may have won and there’s been incredibly bad weather in the Donbas over the last week or two, which means the ground is not conducive right now to the manoeuvre of heavy army,” Heappey said.\n\n“Putin’s political pressure and the hubris that he’s shown, his desire to stand there on the steps of the Kremlin on 9 May and be a hero, means that thousands of Russian lives are going to be lost and the Russians are going to hand over the numerical advantage that they should have.”\n\n', 'image': 'https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/7d75cfa7e46f69d6e23a8599addfde8d1410fd92/0_69_3504_2103/master/3504.jpg?width=1200&height=630&quality=85&auto=format&fit=crop&overlay-align=bottom%2Cleft&overlay-width=100p&overlay-base64=L2ltZy9zdGF0aWMvb3ZlcmxheXMvdGctZGVmYXVsdC5wbmc&enable=upscale&s=00bc52cb3972a7e86fecf00aba9d071f', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:32'}

{'title': "UK's Johnson Hails Macron Victory, Stresses Common Stance on Ukraine", 'keywords': ['emmanuel', 'war', 'president', 'hails', 'le', 'france', 'uks', 'stance', 'french', 'pen', 'uk'], 'polarity': 0.0647, 'subjectivity': 0.278, 'link': 'https://www.theepochtimes.com/uks-johnson-hails-macron-victory-stresses-common-stance-on-ukraine_4425083.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:23', 'summary': 'UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson greets French President Emmanuel Macron as he arrives to attend the COP26 U.N.\n(Christopher Furlong /pool/AFP via Getty Images)UK’s Johnson Hails Macron Victory, Stresses Common Stance on UkraineBritish Prime Minister Boris Johnson has congratulated Emmanuel Macron on his reelection and said he looks forward to working with the French president on issues such as the war in Ukraine.\nJohnson said on Twitter: “Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on your re-election as president of France.\nBoris Johnson, who led the Brexit campaign and took the UK out of the EU, has more common ground with Le Pen than Macron on the issue of EU membership.\nMarine Le Pen, presidential candidate, delivers her concession speech after early result projections show France’s incumbent President Emmanuel Macron heading to win a second five-year term as president, in Paris, on April 24, 2022.', 'channel': 'theepochtimes.com', 'text': 'UK Prime Minister Boris Johnson greets French President Emmanuel Macron as he arrives to attend the COP26 U.N. Climate Change Conference in Glasgow, Scotland, on Nov. 1, 2021. (Christopher Furlong /pool/AFP via Getty Images)\n\nUK’s Johnson Hails Macron Victory, Stresses Common Stance on Ukraine\n\nBritish Prime Minister Boris Johnson has congratulated Emmanuel Macron on his reelection and said he looks forward to working with the French president on issues such as the war in Ukraine.\n\nFinal results of the runoff election on April 24 showed Macron beat his right-wing opponent Marine Le Pen with 58.54 percent of the vote, a higher margin of victory than many earlier surveys had predicted but well below the 66.1 percent he scored against the same opponent in their first runoff in 2017.\n\nJohnson said on Twitter: “Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on your re-election as president of France. France is one of our closest and most important allies.\n\n“I look forward to continuing to work together on the issues which matter most to our two countries and to the world.”\n\nTalking to reporters on April 25, Johnson said it is “very important” to have a French president “who can be relied upon” on international issues such as the war in Ukraine.\n\n“It’s not right for friendly governments to comment on elections in neighbouring countries but what I can certainly say is that it is very, very important that Emmanuel and I have been able to work closely together on Ukraine over the last few weeks and months,” he said.\n\n“We share a very common, very similar perspective and the unity of the West, the unity of NATO, has been absolutely vital for the stance we’ve taken against Putin, and that will now continue and I’m very, very reassured by that.”\n\nFrench President and La Republique en Marche party candidate for reelection Emmanuel Macron celebrates after his victory in France’s presidential election, at the Champ de Mars in Paris, on April 24, 2022. (Ludovic Marin/AFP via Getty Images)\n\nLondon and Paris have endured a tense relationship in recent years. The French government has complained about the UK’s reluctance to issue fishing licences to French fishermen, claiming it was a breach of the post-Brexit trade deal between the UK and the European Union.\n\nMeanwhile, the UK government has repeatedly expressed frustration over France’s alleged failure to prevent illegal immigrants from boarding small boats and crossing the English Channel into Britain.\n\nBoris Johnson, who led the Brexit campaign and took the UK out of the EU, has more common ground with Le Pen than Macron on the issue of EU membership.\n\nLe Pen had long flirted with the idea of leaving the bloc, though she insisted during the election campaign she had no “secret agenda” this time for quitting the EU or the euro single currency.\n\nMarine Le Pen, presidential candidate, delivers her concession speech after early result projections show France’s incumbent President Emmanuel Macron heading to win a second five-year term as president, in Paris, on April 24, 2022. (Sylvain Lefevre/Getty Images)\n\nDespite the fractious post-Brexit relations between the UK and French governments, the war in Ukraine has recently refocused minds on the issue of European security.\n\nBritain has positioned itself as one of Kyiv’s closest allies both in the run-up to and during the Russian invasion, and has called on other European powers, including France, to do more.\n\nCabinet minister and Conservative Party Chairman Oliver Dowden told Sky News on Sunday, “I think we’ve had very positive noises from France and Germany but I would like to see further action from them.”\n\nThough the UK government is still unsatisfied with Macron’s level of support for Ukraine, his rival Le Pen could not necessarily be counted on to make the same “positive noises.”\n\nDuring the election campaign, Le Pen defended her previous expressions of esteem for Russian President Vladimir Putin, saying she had only been defending French interests in her warm contacts with the Kremlin leader.\n\nShe insisted on maintaining good relations with Putin, saying, “As soon as the Russian–Ukrainian war is over and has been settled by a peace treaty, I will call for the implementation of a strategic rapprochement between NATO and Russia.”\n\nShe also said, if elected president, she would take France out of NATO’s integrated command structure to restore French sovereignty on matters of international security.\n\nPA Media and Reuters contributed to this report.', 'image': 'https://img.theepochtimes.com/assets/uploads/2021/11/02/Macron-Johnson-Glasgow-1200x800.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:23'}
{'title': 'Europe rushes to congratulate Macron after defeating Le Pen in second round vote', 'keywords': ['european', 'defeating', 'france', 'emmanuel', 'round', 'pen', 'forward', 'president', 'minister', 'french', 'reelection', '24'], 'polarity': 0.1894, 'subjectivity': 0.2846, 'link': 'https://www.rfi.fr/en/france/20220425-europe-rushes-to-congratulate-macron-after-defeating-le-pen-in-second-round-vote', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:39', 'summary': 'Presidential election 2022European Council President Charles Michel and European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen were among the first to congratulate the re-election of French President Emmanuel Macron on Sunday 24 April.\n(Illustration photo)World leaders rushed to congratulate French President Emmanuel Macron for his re-election on Sunday in a second round marked by a rise in the far-right vote.\nAdvertising Read moreThe first political leaders to congratulate Emmanuel Macron for his election victory over his far-right rival Marine Le Pen were France\'s European partners.\n— Ursula von der Leyen (@vonderleyen) April 24, 2022In English and then in French, Boris Johnson also congratulated Emmanuel Macron.\n"Congratulations Emmanuel Macron."', 'channel': 'rfi.fr', 'text': 'Presidential election 2022\n\nEuropean Council President Charles Michel and European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen were among the first to congratulate the re-election of French President Emmanuel Macron on Sunday 24 April. (Illustration photo)\n\nWorld leaders rushed to congratulate French President Emmanuel Macron for his re-election on Sunday in a second round marked by a rise in the far-right vote.\n\nAdvertising Read more\n\nThe first political leaders to congratulate Emmanuel Macron for his election victory over his far-right rival Marine Le Pen were France\'s European partners.\n\n"We can count on France for five more years," European Council President Charles Michel wrote on Twitter.\n\nChaleureux bravo cher @EmmanuelMacron\n\n\n\nEn cette période tourmentée, nous avons besoin d’une Europe solide et d’une France totalement engagée pour une Union européenne plus souveraine et plus stratégique.\n\n\n\nNous pouvons compter sur la #France #5 ans de plus. pic.twitter.com/JEPf6Pqght — Charles Michel (@CharlesMichel) April 24, 2022\n\n"I am delighted to be able to continue our excellent cooperation," tweeted European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen.\n\nCher @EmmanuelMacron, toutes mes félicitations pour votre réélection à la présidence de la République.\n\n\n\nJe me réjouis de pouvoir continuer notre excellente coopération.\n\n\n\nEnsemble, nous ferons avancer la France et l’Europe. — Ursula von der Leyen (@vonderleyen) April 24, 2022\n\nIn English and then in French, Boris Johnson also congratulated Emmanuel Macron. In a tweet, he said he looked forward "to continuing to work together on the issues which matter most to our two countries and to the world" calling France "one of our closest and most important allies".\n\nBelgium\'s Prime Minister Alexander De Croo said French voters had made a "strong choice", opting for "certainty and Enlightenment values".\n\n"I look forward to continuing our extensive and constructive cooperation within the EU and NATO, and to further strengthening the excellent relationship between our countries," Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte said.\n\nAfter Britain’s surprise vote to quit the EU and the election of Donald Trump in the United States in 2016, the European bloc was alarmed by Le Pen’s potentially explosive social and economic reforms, even if polls showed Macron winning in Sunday’s second round.\n\nIn Germany, Finance Minister Christian Lindner said Europe was the biggest winner. Chancellor Olaf Scholz said French voters "have sent a strong vote of confidence in Europe today. I am happy that we will continue our good cooperation".\n\nFélicitations, herzliche Glückwünsche, lieber Präsident @EmmanuelMacron. Deine Wählerinnen und Wähler haben heute auch ein starkes Bekenntnis zu Europa gesendet.\n\nIch freue mich, dass wir unsere gute Zusammenarbeit fortsetzen! pic.twitter.com/ZJQSc6OAz9 — Bundeskanzler Olaf Scholz (@Bundeskanzler) April 24, 2022\n\nItalian Prime Minister Mario Draghi, who along with Macron and German Chancellor Olaf Scholz is seen as forming a powerful trio of pro-EU leaders, also said the re-election was "wonderful news for all of Europe".\n\n"The citizens have chosen a France committed to a free, strong and fair EU. Democracy wins. Europe wins," tweeted socialist Prime Minister Pedro Sanchez. "Congratulations Emmanuel Macron."\n\nUkraine\'s President Volodymyr Zelensky, who has spoken with Macron several times since Russia\'s invasion on 24 February, congratulated his French counterpart by phone.\n\nOn Twitter, Zelensky called Macron a "true friend of Ukraine."\n\n"I wish him further success for the sake of the (French) people. I appreciate his support and I am convinced that we are moving together towards new common victories," he wrote in both Ukrainian and French.\n\nOn Monday, Russian President Vladimir Putin sent Emmanuel Macron a message of praise for his re-election, Russian news agencies reported, citing the Kremlin. "I sincerely wish you success in your activities, as well as good health and well-being," he said.\n\nOutside of Europe\n\nCanadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau was among the first to congratulate Macron, saying he was "looking forward to continuing our work together on the issues that matter most to people in Canada and France – from defending democracy, to fighting climate change, to creating good jobs and economic growth for the middle class".\n\nJoe Biden also welcomed the victory of the outgoing president. "France is our oldest ally and a key partner in addressing global challenges," US President Joe Biden tweeted. "I look forward to our continued close cooperation -- including on supporting Ukraine, defending democracy, and countering climate change."\n\nCongratulations to @EmmanuelMacron on his re-election. France is our oldest ally and a key partner in addressing global challenges. I look forward to our continued close cooperation — including on supporting Ukraine, defending democracy, and countering climate change. — President Biden (@POTUS) April 24, 2022\n\nIn Africa, President Ali Bongo hailed Macron\'s "brilliant re-election". "More than a shared past, our two countries have a future to build," he said in online comments.\n\nSenegalese president Macky Sall sent Macron his "best wishes for success in his second term of office".\n\nIvorian president Alassane Ouattara sent Macron his "warm congratulations" in a Facebook post, saying he looked forward to "continuing with him to strengthen the ties of friendship and cooperation between Côte d’Ivoire and France".\n\nUN bodies\n\nUN High Commissioner for Refugees Filippo Grandi sent his "warm congratulations" and said his organisation would continue to count on Macron\'s support on the European and world stage "as humanitarian challenges and refugee crises become more serious and complex every day".\n\nWorld Health Organization Director-General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said he looked forward to "continuing the important partnership" with France "for a healthier, safer, fairer world".\n\n(with wires)\n\nDaily newsletterReceive essential international news every morning Subscribe', 'image': 'https://s.rfi.fr/media/display/90d32bf8-a16a-11ec-a673-005056a90284/w:1280/p:16x9/2022-03-11T153140Z_428208289_RC2E0T9KBKWL_RTRMADP_3_UKRAINE-CRISIS-EU-ECONOMY.JPG', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:39'}

{'title': '89 buildings found for accommodating refugees', 'keywords': ['ukrainian', 'refugees', 'minister', 'number', 'mr', 'cost', 'housing', 'mcgrath', 'accommodating', '89', 'buildings', 'accommodation'], 'polarity': 0.0824, 'subjectivity': 0.4303, 'link': 'https://www.rte.ie/news/ireland/2022/0426/1294309-ireland-ukraine/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:59', 'summary': 'The Minister for Housing has said that 89 buildings have been identified for accommodating Ukrainian refugees following a trawl of local authorities\' vacant properties.\nHe told RTÉ\'s Drivetime programme that the first 89 buildings could be made functional "within a matter of weeks".\nLatest figures show that 25,173 Ukrainian refugees have arrived in Ireland.\nHowever, it is expected around 33,000 Ukrainian refugees will have arrived by the end of next month.\nHe said the Housing Minister would have a memo outlining the options.', 'channel': 'rte.ie', 'text': 'The Minister for Housing has said that 89 buildings have been identified for accommodating Ukrainian refugees following a trawl of local authorities\' vacant properties.\n\nDarragh O\'Brien said that if utilised, these could create more than 5,000 bed spaces.\n\nHe told RTÉ\'s Drivetime programme that the first 89 buildings could be made functional "within a matter of weeks".\n\nThe minister said that these buildings are of different sizes and include vacant larger properties such as former hospitals and schools.\n\nHe described them as "congregated type settings where families can live safely".\n\nMr O\'Brien also said that the cost of modular homes is "not significantly cheaper," but they can be built faster.\n\nHe refused to outline a figure because he said that the cost of raw materials would not be a true reflection of the full price. He said the full price must include the costs related to connection to services, such as water and electricity.\n\nLatest figures show that 25,173 Ukrainian refugees have arrived in Ireland.\n\nOf that number, 16,788 have been provided with accommodation by the State. However, it is expected around 33,000 Ukrainian refugees will have arrived by the end of next month.\n\nA team within the Department of Housing, a new vacant housing delivery unit headed up by a senior retired chief executive, will be responsible for the delivery of other properties that require more extensive works to be repurposed.\n\nThis will involve fast tracking the necessary works, procuring this work and ultimately bringing further properties on stream across the country in good locations, Mr O\'Brien said.\n\nCompletion of these buildings will typically take between three and nine months and will lead to the creation of a further 3,000 to 4,000 bed spaces.\n\nNew Cabinet sub-committee to oversee refugee assistance\n\nMeanwhile, the Cabinet has decided to create a new sub-committee to oversee assistance being given to people fleeing Ukraine.\n\nIt is believed that Minister for Public Expenditure Michael McGrath is to tell colleagues that the projected cost of helping Ukrainians next year is €3 billion, up from a €2.5 billion estimate in March.\n\nSpeaking on his way into Cabinet this morning, Mr McGrath said we are now at a point where we can no longer rely on traditional emergency accommodation like hotels and B&Bs to house Ukrainian people.\n\n"That system is now under real pressure and that is why we\'ve had to use facilities such as Millstreet, and I think its likely we\'ll see more examples like that depending on the number of refugees that continue to come to Ireland but we will do the very best that we can," he said.\n\nRead more:\n\nLatest Ukraine news\n\nMinister McGrath said the main focus of Cabinet discussions today would be the accommodation needs of Ukrainian people and looking at all the available options to Government to find accommodation quickly.\n\n"The system is now under real strain and we are at a point where we are offering accommodation that is not of a standard we would like."\n\nHe said the Housing Minister would have a memo outlining the options.\n\nMr McGrath will also provide the latest statistical analysis from his department on the costs arising from measures to deal both with Covid-19 and the Ukrainian refugee crisis.\n\nProvision has been made for costs of up to €3bn to house people arriving from Ukraine as Minister for Public Expenditure Michael McGrath has said \'the system is now under real strain\' | Read more: https://t.co/FW6jYYmtdJ pic.twitter.com/MJ8xEjpZNd — RTÉ News (@rtenews) April 26, 2022\n\nAlso speaking before the Cabinet meeting, Taoiseach Micheál Martin said that he met a number of Ukrainian refugees in Millstreet Arena, where many have been living since last week.\n\n"Their gratitude to the kindness of the people of Ireland was heartfelt. They spoke very movingly of the sense warmth and friendliness that they have experienced here since they arrived," Mr Martin said.\n\n"This is a horrific war that\'s having a terrible toll on families and on shared humanity. We must do everything we possibly can within our energies and with our resources to do what we can.\n\n"We want this war to end. It should end, because too much life was lost."\n\nTaoiseach Micheál Martin has said \'we must do everything we possibly can, within our energies and resources\' to help those arriving in Ireland after fleeing from the war in Ukraine | Read more: https://t.co/FW6jYYmtdJ pic.twitter.com/YXKAzrHUYV — RTÉ News (@rtenews) April 26, 2022\n\nAt the end of March, the Government estimated that it would cost €2.5 billion to look after 100,000 Ukrainian refugees next year, with Mr McGrath saying: "The cost will be high but these are costs that we have to meet. It is the right thing to do."\n\nThe Government is keen to ensure that the work to assist Ukrainian refugees does not come at the expense of people who are on housing waiting lists or in emergency accommodation.\n\nMr O\'Brien has previously said that he expects Ireland will have to build an additional 33,000-35,000 homes, over a five-year period, to deal with the demand for housing posed by the need to help people from Ukraine.\n\nLast week, Minister for Justice Helen McEntee said that Ireland will not cap the number of refugees it accepts, insisting that they will continue to be welcomed.\n\nAccommodation pledges to receive call this week\n\nA refugee cries after she arrived at a border crossing between Romania and Ukraine\n\nAnyone who has pledged accommodation to Ukrainian refugees will have received a call back by Thursday of this week, according to Secretary General of the Irish Red Cross Liam O\'Dwyer.\n\nMr O\'Dwyer said that the Red Cross is conscious that people have made very generous offers and emails were sent to those 9,000 people who had proven uncontactable.\n\nHe added that there was a reasonable response to the emails, with around 8,000 people responding.\n\nOf those, around 2,000 said they were unable to continue with the accommodation pledge.\n\nHowever, Mr O\'Dwyer said that a sizeable number of those people who said they were unable to continue had already taken people in.\n\nMr O\'Dwyer said people are being asked to host refugees for six months to a year, but said that the Ukrainian crisis is "going beyond what most of us thought would be a short-term situation".\n\nThe CEO of the McVerry Trust said there will be pressure to deliver more housing to both Ukrainian refugees and the homeless in Ireland, but believes that both schemes can operate and deliver as necessary.\n\nPat Doyle said the Trust is going ahead with major building and refurbishment programmes and providing emergency accommodation.\n\nAt the same time, he said the Trust is also working with around 2,000 Ukrainians and said the charity has been working with hotels for years in order to accommodate people coming into the country.\n\nAdditional reporting: Paul Cunningham, Laura Hogan', 'image': 'https://img.rasset.ie/001b4d19-1600.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:59'}
{'title': "Irish support for Ukrainians ‘could cost three billion euro in 2023'", 'keywords': ['war', 'support', 'cost', 'ukrainian', 'possibly', 'euro', 'republic', 'provide', 'ukrainians', 'mcgrath', '2023', 'refugees', 'billion', 'accommodation'], 'polarity': 0.0333, 'subjectivity': 0.5018, 'link': 'https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/government-micheal-martin-ireland-irish-cabinet-b2065519.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:51', 'summary': 'Ireland’s premier has said his Government will do “everything we possibly can” to provide for Ukrainian refugees arriving in Ireland.\nIt came as Public Expenditure Minister Michael McGrath said the Government is preparing to spend around three billion euro (£2.5 billion) in 2023 on welcoming and supporting those arriving from the war-torn country.\nTaoiseach Micheal Martin, speaking on his way to a Cabinet meeting set to be dominated by the war in Ukraine, said he had met refugees over the weekend.\nMr McGrath said the “primary focus” of Cabinet discussions on Tuesday will be accommodation for refugees.\nHe said ministers will be “looking at all of the options that are available to Government to find accommodation as quickly as possible”.', 'channel': 'independent.co.uk', 'text': 'Ireland’s premier has said his Government will do “everything we possibly can” to provide for Ukrainian refugees arriving in Ireland.\n\nIt came as Public Expenditure Minister Michael McGrath said the Government is preparing to spend around three billion euro (£2.5 billion) in 2023 on welcoming and supporting those arriving from the war-torn country.\n\nTaoiseach Micheal Martin, speaking on his way to a Cabinet meeting set to be dominated by the war in Ukraine, said he had met refugees over the weekend.\n\n“Their gratitude to the kindness of the people of Ireland was heartfelt,” he said.\n\n“This is a horrific war that is having a terrible toll on families and, in a shared humanity, we must do everything we possibly can within our energies and with our resources to do what we can.\n\nTaoiseach Micheal Martin said the Republic of Ireland will do all it can to support Ukrainian refugees (Niall Carson/PA) (PA Wire)\n\n“We want this war to end; it should end, because too much life has been lost.”\n\nAround 25,000 Ukrainian refugees have now arrived in the Republic of Ireland, putting pressure on the Government to find housing and accommodation.\n\nMass and emergency accommodation centres have already started to be used.\n\nMr McGrath said the “primary focus” of Cabinet discussions on Tuesday will be accommodation for refugees.\n\nHe said ministers will be “looking at all of the options that are available to Government to find accommodation as quickly as possible”.\n\n“The system is now under real strain and we are at the point of offering accommodation that is not at the standard we would like but is necessary because ultimately these refugees are fleeing war and our first duty is to provide safety and security for them and to meet their basic needs,” he said.', 'image': 'https://static.independent.co.uk/2022/04/26/10/74672ac3b864f5aeec83b6c0fb986771Y29udGVudHNlYXJjaGFwaSwxNjUxMDQ5NzEw-2.66032157.jpg?quality=75&width=1200&auto=webp', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:51'}

{'title': 'EU, India agree to broaden ties amid Ukraine war', 'keywords': ['trade', 'foreign', 'agree', 'european', 'minister', 'ukraine', 'von', 'leyen', 'russia', 'der', 'india', 'indian', 'political', 'eu'], 'polarity': 0.0613, 'subjectivity': 0.2487, 'link': 'https://www.marketscreener.com/news/latest/EU-India-agree-to-broaden-ties-amid-Ukraine-war--40138638/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:22', 'summary': 'European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen is on a two-day trip to India\'s capital, part of Western efforts to encourage New Delhi to reduce ties to Russia, its main weapons supplier, following Moscow\'s invasion of Ukraine.\nThe United States is the only other country that has a technical agreement with the EU similar to the one signed on Monday with India.\n"I think this relationship today is more important than ever," von der Leyen said in her opening remarks during a meeting with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi.\nVon der Leyen\'s visit comes days after British Prime Minister Boris met his Indian counterpart, Narendra Modi, and agreed to increase bilateral defence and business cooperation.\nIndian Foreign Minister Subrahmanyam Jaishankar said after meeting Von der Leyen that they "exchanged views on the economic and political implications of the Ukraine conflict".', 'channel': 'marketscreener.com', 'text': 'European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen is on a two-day trip to India\'s capital, part of Western efforts to encourage New Delhi to reduce ties to Russia, its main weapons supplier, following Moscow\'s invasion of Ukraine.\n\nIndia has refrained from explicitly condemning Russia\'s invasion, while calling for an immediate end to violence. Moscow calls its actions in Ukraine a "special military operation".\n\nThe United States is the only other country that has a technical agreement with the EU similar to the one signed on Monday with India.\n\n"I think this relationship today is more important than ever," von der Leyen said in her opening remarks during a meeting with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi. "We have a lot in common but we are also facing a challenging political landscape."\n\nShe identified cooperation on security, climate change and trade as the main areas of focus.\n\n"Both sides agreed that rapid changes in the geopolitical environment highlight the need for joint in-depth strategic engagement," an EU-India joint statement said.\n\n"The Trade and Technology Council will provide the political steer and the necessary structure to operationalise political decisions, coordinate technical work, and report to the political level to ensure implementation and follow-up in areas that are important for the sustainable progress of European and Indian economies."\n\nVon der Leyen\'s visit comes days after British Prime Minister Boris met his Indian counterpart, Narendra Modi, and agreed to increase bilateral defence and business cooperation. Johnson was preceded by U.S. officials and the foreign ministers of Russia and China.\n\nThe EU chief was expected to offer to increase sales of European military equipment to India and relaunch talks on a free trade deal, a senior EU official said before the talks began.\n\n"They reviewed progress in the vibrant India-EU strategic partnership & agreed to deepen cooperation in areas of trade, climate, digital technology and people-to-people ties," Indian Foreign Ministry spokesperson, Arindam Bagchi, said on Twitter.\n\nIndian Foreign Minister Subrahmanyam Jaishankar said after meeting Von der Leyen that they "exchanged views on the economic and political implications of the Ukraine conflict".\n\nLike many European countries, India has continued to buy oil from Russia despite sanctions imposed on Moscow from the United States and other developed countries.\n\n(Reporting by Jan Strupczewski and Krishna N. Das; Editing by Edmund Klamann and Alex Richardson)\n\nBy Krishna N. Das and Jan Strupczewski', 'image': 'https://img.zonebourse.com/reuters/2022-04/2022-04-25T173941Z_3_LYNXNPEI3O070_RTROPTP_3_EU-INDIA.JPG', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:22'}
{'title': 'EU, India agree to deepen trade and tech ties amid Ukraine conflict', 'keywords': ['visit', 'agree', 'foreign', 'leyen', 'amid', 'von', 'minister', 'european', 'der', 'ties', 'conflict'], 'polarity': 0.0187, 'subjectivity': 0.2722, 'link': 'https://www.dw.com/en/eu-india-agree-to-deepen-trade-and-tech-ties-amid-ukraine-conflict/a-61579208?maca=en-rss-en-eu-2092-rdf', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:34', 'summary': "European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen on Monday met Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi in the capital city, New Delhi.\nUrsula von der Leyen added that their respective teams would soon begin negotiating on free trade agreements.\nUkraine conflict looms over talksAlthough von der Leyen and Modi did not release a statement concerning Russia's invasion of Ukraine, the conflict hung heavy over the talks.\nUrsula von der Leyen is the chief guest at the event that kicks off later on Monday.\nIndian Foreign Minister Jaishankar was also present during the joint press conference between von der Leyen and Modi.", 'channel': 'dw.com', 'text': 'European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen on Monday met Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi in the capital city, New Delhi.\n\nThe two leaders announced an agreement, the "EU-India Trade and Technology Council," to work together on technology and security matters.\n\nWhat does the deal involve?\n\nThe technical agreement is meant to allow both partners to "tackle challenges at the nexus of trade, trusted technology and security, and thus deepen cooperation in these fields between the EU and India," according to a joint statement.\n\nThis will be the first such mechanism for India, and the second for the EU. The bloc has so far only set up a similar agreement with the United States.\n\nUrsula von der Leyen added that their respective teams would soon begin negotiating on free trade agreements.\n\nA spokesperson for India\'s Foreign Ministry said the two sides agreed to "deepen cooperation in areas of trade, climate, digital technology and people-to-people ties."\n\nUkraine conflict looms over talks\n\nAlthough von der Leyen and Modi did not release a statement concerning Russia\'s invasion of Ukraine, the conflict hung heavy over the talks.\n\nUrsula von der Leyen said in her press conference with Modi that both countries were "vibrant democracies" and that the 60-year old partnership between Brussels and New Delhi was more important than ever today.\n\nShe added that in spite of finding common ground as "strong supporters of the international-rules based order," the countries were "facing a challenging political landscape" in a veiled reference to the war in Ukraine.\n\nIndian Foreign Minister Subrahmanyam Jaisahankar said he "exchanged views on the economic and political implications of the Ukraine conflict" during his discussion with the EU chief, Reuters news agency reported.\n\nNew Delhi has not officially condemned the Russian invasion of Ukraine. In an interview over the weekend, Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman told Bloomberg News that India wants to be "friends with the European Union" and the Western world, but not as a "weak friend that needs desperate help here and there."\n\nRussia has traditionally been India\'s top arms supplier.\n\nDespite a growing chorus of Western leaders calling on New Delhi to reduce ties with Russia, India has continued to hold talks with Russian officials.\n\nWatch video 00:28 Lavrov in India amid crippling sanctions\n\nEuropean foreign ministers in India\n\nAlong with the EU chief, the foreign ministers of several other European countries — Norway, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, and Slovenia — are also in India.\n\nThe foreign ministers are scheduled to participate at a geopolitical dialogue organized by India\'s Foreign Ministry, according to the official website for the event.\n\nUrsula von der Leyen is the chief guest at the event that kicks off later on Monday.\n\nIndian Foreign Minister Jaishankar was also present during the joint press conference between von der Leyen and Modi.\n\nFirst India visit as EU chief\n\nThe European Commission chief landed in New Delhi on Sunday for a two-day visit, which is also her first visit to India in her position.\n\nShe held talks with Indian climate activists on Sunday, addressing Indian and European Union\'s shared ambition to address climate change by cutting harmful emissions and increasing the use of renewable sources of energy.\n\nShe is also set to meet other political and business representatives in India.\n\nThe EU is India\'s third-largest trading partner, but past attempts to secure a free trade deal have stalled. Von der Leyen\'s visit also follows a visit by British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, who also met with Modi. The two announced plans to increase defense and business cooperation — a key goal of the UK following its exit from the EU.\n\nEdited by: Rebecca Staudenmaier\n\n', 'image': 'https://static.dw.com/image/61579317_6.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:34'}

{'title': "Trigger warnings on Harry Potter doing a ‘disservice' to students, says minister", 'keywords': ['disservice', 'trigger', 'harry', 'minister', 'need', 'views', 'universities', 'donelan', 'graduate', 'warnings', 'threats', 'potter', 'students', 'doing'], 'polarity': 0.0414, 'subjectivity': 0.3639, 'link': 'https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/policy-exchange-university-of-sussex-kathleen-stock-academics-further-education-b2065683.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:54', 'summary': 'Students are being done a “disservice” over trigger warnings placed on books such as Harry Potter at universities, an education minister has said.\nTo say that we need to protect some of our brightest and our best from the likes of Harry Potter is to not only do our universities a disservice but to do our students a disservice,” she said.\nMs Donelan said “students have to be able to live in the real world once they graduate university”.\n“There are no trigger warnings every day as you operate.\nI’ve not met students who have called for these trigger warnings either.', 'channel': 'independent.co.uk', 'text': 'Students are being done a “disservice” over trigger warnings placed on books such as Harry Potter at universities, an education minister has said.\n\nUniversities minister Michelle Donelan told the PA news agency there is a need for “common sense” over the issue of institutions such as the University of Chester placing warnings about content on JK Rowling’s stories.\n\n“Harry Potter is actually a children’s book. Fundamentally it is probably a multimillion-pound industry that has been franchised into films. To say that we need to protect some of our brightest and our best from the likes of Harry Potter is to not only do our universities a disservice but to do our students a disservice,” she said.\n\n“And it’s not the way to ensure that they can enter the world having those skills at their fingertips – the ability to challenge, to be critically astute – and that’s certainly not the interpretation that I’d had talking to students, that they want or they need this from their universities,” she added.\n\nMs Donelan said “students have to be able to live in the real world once they graduate university”.\n\n“There are no trigger warnings every day as you operate. I’ve not met students who have called for these trigger warnings either. They are not the issues that students are bringing up to me – they’re bringing up sexual harassment, they’re bringing up antisemitism,” she said.\n\nMs Donelan said for universities that have not yet signed up to the International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance (IHRA) definition of antisemitism, it “makes you question whether they are getting their priorities right”, adding that universities should focus on tackling harassment and antisemitism rather than looking at trigger warnings on content.\n\n“I think their priorities, fundamentally, should be the welfare, the wellbeing and the education of students.”\n\nShe said there is “an undeniable link between quality and free speech”, noting that 86% of Nobel Prize winners come from countries with the highest rating for academic freedom while just 1% are from countries with the lowest rating.\n\nMs Donelan said: “Vice-chancellors need to ensure that they’re not on the wrong side of history on this. We want them to proactively be supporting their members of staff – they may face criticism but certainly shouldn’t face harassment when they put forward their views and their academic research.”\n\nWho would you rather employ - an inquisitive, critical, open-minded graduate, or a self-contained cookie-cutter graduate who is afraid to be challenged or confront new ideas? Universities Minister Michelle Donelan\n\nOn Tuesday, Ms Donelan told a meeting at the Policy Exchange think tank in London that supporting free speech is “no longer enough” and it is “something that has to be actively defended”.\n\n“Where would we be now if the views of 100 or even 200 years ago had never been challenged? As a woman, I doubt I would be a Member of Parliament, let alone the Minister for Higher and Further Education,” she said.\n\n“But, sadly, where once we found critical debate and arguments which were run on their merit, today we have seen an upsurge in physical threats and complete intolerance of opposing ideas.”\n\nShe said professors have been “harangued and hounded just for doing their jobs” and “prominent, well-respected guests no-platformed”.\n\nAcademics are “self-censoring themselves” in this climate, she added.\n\nMs Donelan said graduates will lose out from this over the long term.\n\n“Who would you rather employ – an inquisitive, critical, open-minded graduate, or a self-contained cookie-cutter graduate who is afraid to be challenged or confront new ideas?”\n\nMs Donelan said she found it “completely deplorable” that, last year, “balaclava-clad protesters forced a female academic, Kathleen Stock, to stay off campus under threats of physical violence”, referring to the professor who quit the University of Sussex due to her views on gender identity.\n\nThis was not an “isolated event”, the minister added, as just a few weeks later an “intolerant mob” threatened the Israeli ambassador outside an event held at the London School of Economics.\n\n“We’re not talking about peaceful protest here, the right of which of course is sacrosanct. We are talking about threats, intimidation and harassment.”\n\nMs Donelan said Policy Exchange polling had shown that 32% of academics identifying as right-wing had refrained from airing their views in teaching or research, while around 15% identifying as politically centrist or left-wing also reported self-censoring.\n\nVice-chancellors, academics and students should not “allow the history books to record your name as part of the small cabal of the intolerant”, she said.\n\nVCs need to “go into bat” for their staff and “put their money where their mouth is” on the issue rather than bowing to the “intolerant few”.\n\nThe Government’s Free Speech Bill has been carried over to the next session of Parliament.\n\nMs Donelan said she expects the House of Lords will have “a lot to say on this subject” but that the Bill is less about what happens in Parliament than “a culture change that will reverberate through the sector”.', 'image': 'https://static.independent.co.uk/2022/04/26/14/c3e8a73d4e12dc879c2bdce5a4e5f535Y29udGVudHNlYXJjaGFwaSwxNjUxMDYxMzIw-2.65716230.jpg?quality=75&width=1200&auto=webp', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:54'}
{'title': "‘Complete Intolerance of Opposing Ideas': University Minister", 'keywords': ['trigger', 'legislation', 'minister', 'bill', 'universities', 'potter', 'warnings', 'free', 'students', 'speech'], 'polarity': 0.1113, 'subjectivity': 0.3664, 'link': 'https://www.theepochtimes.com/complete-intolerance-of-opposing-ideas-university-minister_4428289.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:09', 'summary': '‘Complete Intolerance of Opposing Ideas’: University MinisterCalling out British institutions for fostering a “complete intolerance of opposing ideas,” Minister of State for Higher and Further Education Michelle Donelan says there is a need for common sense as she pushed forward for legislation “with teeth” for free speech at universities.\nI’ve not met students who have called for these trigger warnings either.\nThe Higher Education (Freedom of Speech) Bill tightens existing legislation to make the promotion of free speech a statutory duty.\nThis means that if universities fail to uphold free speech, they could be taken to court.\n“Unless we have legislation with teeth free speech at universities—which is so important—cannot be protected.', 'channel': 'theepochtimes.com', 'text': '‘Complete Intolerance of Opposing Ideas’: University Minister\n\nCalling out British institutions for fostering a “complete intolerance of opposing ideas,” Minister of State for Higher and Further Education Michelle Donelan says there is a need for common sense as she pushed forward for legislation “with teeth” for free speech at universities.\n\nTalking at an event held by the major British conservative think tank Policy Exchange, Donelan was referring to January’s news that JK Rowling’s first Harry Potter book had been given a trigger warning by the University of Chester’s English Department to students over “difficult conversations about gender, race, sexuality, class, and identity.”\n\n“Harry Potter is actually a children’s book. Fundamentally it is probably a multimillion-pound industry that has been franchised into films. To say that we need to protect some of our brightest and our best from the likes of Harry Potter is to not only do our universities a disservice but to do our students a disservice,” said Donelan.\n\nDonelan added that “students have to be able to live in the real world once they graduate university.”\n\n“There are no trigger warnings every day as you operate. I’ve not met students who have called for these trigger warnings either. They are not the issues that students are bringing up to me— they’re bringing up sexual harassment, they’re bringing up antisemitism,” she said.\n\nDonelan said that it also “makes you question whether they are getting their priorities right” as some universities have not yet signed up to the International Holocaust Remembrance Alliance (IHRA) definition of antisemitism but have rather focused on trigger warnings on content.\n\nIt was also claimed that academics are “self-censoring themselves” in a climate that has seen an “upsurge in physical threats” and a “complete intolerance of opposing ideas” with graduates expected to lose out over the long term.\n\n“Who would you rather employ—an inquisitive, critical, open-minded graduate, or a self-contained cookie-cutter graduate who is afraid to be challenged or confront new ideas?” said Donelan.\n\nFigures provided by Policy Exchange polling showed that 32 percent of academics identifying as right-wing had refrained from airing their views in teaching or research. Fifteen percent identifying as politically centrist or left-wing also reported self-censoring.\n\nVice-chancellors, academics, and students should not “allow the history books to record your name as part of the small cabal of the intolerant,” she said, adding that professors have been “harangued and hounded just for doing their jobs” and “prominent, well-respected guests no-platformed.”\n\nShe added that supporting free speech is “no longer enough” and it is “something that has to be actively defended.”\n\nThe Conservative government has introduced legislation targeting cancel culture in UK universities, which would include the appointment of official free speech tsars on each campus. The Higher Education (Freedom of Speech) Bill tightens existing legislation to make the promotion of free speech a statutory duty. This means that if universities fail to uphold free speech, they could be taken to court.\n\nThe Bill has been carried over to the next session of Parliament as the government has run out of time to pass it into law.\n\n“Unless we have legislation with teeth free speech at universities—which is so important—cannot be protected. That is why we are going forward with our Bill,” she said. She added that she expects the House of Lords will have “a lot to say on this subject” but that the Bill is less about what happens in Parliament than “a culture change that will reverberate through the sector.”\n\nPA Media contributed to this report.', 'image': 'https://img.theepochtimes.com/assets/uploads/2020/09/22/GettyImages-53243599-1200x932.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:09'}

{'title': "Climate change affecting Scotland's lochs and reservoirs", 'keywords': ['centre', 'affecting', 'scottish', 'impacts', 'research', 'water', 'scotlands'], 'polarity': 0.1666, 'subjectivity': 0.4206, 'link': 'https://www.gov.scot/news/climate-change-affecting-scotlands-lochs-and-reservoirs/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:00', 'summary': 'Climate change has already caused a rapid and extensive warming of Scotland’s lochs and reservoirs with impacts expected to intensify, research has revealed for the first time.\nA report published today by Scotland’s Centre of Expertise for Waters (CREW), shows that between 2015 and 2019, 97% of monitored Scottish lochs and reservoirs have increased in temperature.\nEnvironment Minister Mairi McAllan said:“This important research provides yet more worrying evidence of the risks of harm from climate change on Scotland’s water environment.\nThe findings of this comprehensive review are stark, demonstrating the impact that climate change is already having on our freshwater lochs and reservoirs, and their biodiversity.\nMonitoring between 2015 and 2019 showed that there was an increase in water temperature at 97% of Scottish lochs and reservoirs for which there were sufficient data.', 'channel': 'gov.scot', 'text': "New research shows water is warming rapidly.\n\nClimate change has already caused a rapid and extensive warming of Scotland’s lochs and reservoirs with impacts expected to intensify, research has revealed for the first time.\n\nA report published today by Scotland’s Centre of Expertise for Waters (CREW), shows that between 2015 and 2019, 97% of monitored Scottish lochs and reservoirs have increased in temperature. While most warmed by up to 1.0°C per year over this period, 9% increased by more than that – some by up to 1.3°C per year.\n\nResearchers warn that these changes increase the risk of harmful algal blooms developing, which could restrict their use for recreation and water supply, and as a safe habitat for wildlife.\n\nIt is expected that waters in the south and east of Scotland are expected to warm the most at first, but this climate-related impact will reach all parts of the country by 2040.\n\nThe report makes a number of recommendations to address these impacts in the immediate term, as well as further research to improve our understanding of climate impacts on the complex functioning of lochs and reservoirs.\n\nEnvironment Minister Mairi McAllan said:\n\n“This important research provides yet more worrying evidence of the risks of harm from climate change on Scotland’s water environment. It is vital that we do more to mitigate those impacts, to seek to reduce the pace of warming but also to adapt to it. We have committed £243 million since 2015 through the Agri-Environment Climate Scheme to support land management practices which protect and enhance Scotland’s natural heritage, improve water quality, manage flood risk and mitigate and adapt to climate change.\n\n“Scotland is renowned worldwide for the quality of our water. Research like this will be hugely valuable in informing the development of policy solutions and measures to mitigate and adapt to climate change, and also protect, restore and enhance these vital natural assets.”\n\nFreshwater ecologist Dr Linda May of the UK Centre for Ecology & Hydrology (UKCEH), lead author of the report, said:\n\n“This research has shown, for the first time, that climate change is already warming our lochs and reservoirs in Scotland, and that this trend is likely to continue.\n\n“It provides early warning of the potential impacts of climate change on biodiversity, water supply and recreational use, and highlights the need for mitigation measures to be put in place as quickly as possible.”\n\nDr Pauline Lang, project manager for CREW, said:\n\n“This pioneering research led by experts at the UK Centre for Ecology & Hydrology demonstrates that, without intervention, climate-driven risk is projected to further increase by 2040. To prevent the modelled scenarios becoming reality, we trust the recommendations proposed will enable effective climate action for safeguarding freshwaters now and during the critical decades ahead.\n\n“This project is a great example of how CREW can pivot towards Scotland’s water-related needs by bringing a community of researchers and stakeholders together to collaborate on addressing the most important environmental concerns of this time.”\n\nNatureScot Freshwater and Wetlands Advice Manager Iain Sime said:\n\n“Scotland, like the rest of the world, is facing an unprecedented climate emergency. The findings of this comprehensive review are stark, demonstrating the impact that climate change is already having on our freshwater lochs and reservoirs, and their biodiversity.\n\n“The need for urgent action is clear, and at NatureScot we are using the £65m Nature Restoration Fund to prioritise efforts that support the conservation of our lochs and ponds.”\n\nScottish Environment Protection Agency (SEPA) Senior Ecologist Ian Milne said: “CREW’s report, which used SEPA data from 142 lochs and reservoirs, is important in highlighting some of the climate change pressures Scotland’s environment is facing.\n\n“The findings emphasise the significance of SEPA’s ongoing work to tackle the threats of climate change and biodiversity loss, which is being done in partnership with Scottish Government, local authorities, Scottish Water, environment and community groups, farmers, land managers and others through our River Basin Management Plans.”\n\nBackground\n\nAssessing climate change impacts on the water quality of Scottish standing waters has been developed by Scotland’s Centre of Expertise for Waters (CREW), in collaboration with NatureScot, SEPA, Scottish Water, Scottish Government and a team of researchers from the UK Centre for Ecology & Hydrology (UKCEH).\n\nMonitoring between 2015 and 2019 showed that there was an increase in water temperature at 97% of Scottish lochs and reservoirs for which there were sufficient data.\n\nWhile most (88%) warmed by 0.25°C to 1.0°C per year over this period, 9% increased by more than that – some by up to 1.3°C per year.\n\nWarming and changes in rainfall patterns associated with climate change increase the risk of outbreaks of harmful algal blooms, which outcompete other freshwater plant species and produce toxins that can affect animals and people.\n\nThe report makes a number of recommendations; these include reducing the amount of phosphorus and nitrogen entering lochs and reservoirs from their catchments, because these are the main driver of algal blooms. Sources of these plant nutrients - present in synthetic fertilisers as well as human and animal waste - include farm runoff and waste water discharges. Actions, such as the creation of buffer strips and constructed wetlands, are already under way in many catchments across Scotland aimed at reducing nutrient inputs.\n\nFunded by the Scottish Government, Scotland's Centre of Expertise for Waters (CREW) is a partnership between the James Hutton Institute and Scottish higher education and research institutes.", 'image': 'http://www.gov.scot/assets/images/logos/SGLogo1200x630.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:00'}
{'title': 'Water Safety Scotland launches new education resources for schools', 'keywords': ['resources', 'water', 'scotland', 'young', 'work', 'educational', 'scottish', 'key', 'scotlands'], 'polarity': 0.1383, 'subjectivity': 0.4238, 'link': 'https://www.renfrewshire24.co.uk/2022/04/26/water-safety-scotland-launches-new-education-resources-for-schools/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:02', 'summary': 'Water Safety Scotland (WSS), in partnership with Education Scotland, has officially launched its first instalment of free water safety educational resources for schools and practitioners in Scotland.\nLaura Erskine, Water Safety Scotland’s Education Subgroup Chair, said: “On average, there are 96 water-related fatalities in Scotland each year.\nWe aim to reduce the number of deaths from accidental drowning by 50 per cent by 2026 by driving a generational change in water safety in Scotland.\n“That is why we welcomed the opportunity to work with Water Safety Scotland to develop educational materials that aim to increase awareness of water safety.\nAn interim review was published earlier this year and was launched by the Minister for Community Safety, Ash Regan, along with the Ministerial Action Plan for Water Safety.', 'channel': 'renfrewshire24.co.uk', 'text': 'Water Safety Scotland (WSS), in partnership with Education Scotland, has officially launched its first instalment of free water safety educational resources for schools and practitioners in Scotland.\n\nWater Safety Scotland, which is committed to reducing accidental drowning deaths in Scotland by 50 per cent by 2026, introduced the initiative to provide a consistent level of learning across Scotland’s educational institutions in a bid to equip Scottish youth with the knowledge and skills required to reduce water-based accidents.\n\nLaura Erskine, Water Safety Scotland’s Education Subgroup Chair, said: “On average, there are 96 water-related fatalities in Scotland each year. We aim to reduce the number of deaths from accidental drowning by 50 per cent by 2026 by driving a generational change in water safety in Scotland. We want to encourage safe and responsible access to Scotland’s waterways, which can be a positive and enjoyable experience for young people when coupled with appropriate risk awareness and education.”\n\nThe materials aim to provide consistent and curriculum-aligned information which feeds into a full progression pathway created specifically for water safety in Scotland. Starting from children aged 3, the resource set will instruct and inform young people right up to the age of 18 and has been endorsed by a wealth of supporting partner agencies.\n\nGayle Gorman, Chief Executive of Education Scotland said: “Every year we hear of tragic accidents taking place in Scotland’s waters as many young people are not aware of the dangers of swimming in open waters.\n\n“That is why we welcomed the opportunity to work with Water Safety Scotland to develop educational materials that aim to increase awareness of water safety. We hope that this information will reach as many children and young people as possible to ensure they are aware of the dangers that come with going into open water.”\n\nScheduled for a staggered release over the next nine months, the first set of lessons is being released on Tuesday, April 26. Specifically focusing on the Third/Fourth level within the five tiers of the Scottish curriculum, it can be accessed via Education Scotland’s National Hub or through the Water Safety Scotland website.\n\nIntrinsically linked to WSS’ Water Safety Code, which was created to help people enjoy Scotland’s waterways as safely as possible, it follows three key pieces of advice:\n\nStop and Think, Spot the Dangers\n\nStay Together, Stay Close\n\nIn an Emergency, Call 999.\n\nEducation is a key part of Scotland’s Drowning Prevention Strategy, which has now entered its fifth year. An interim review was published earlier this year and was launched by the Minister for Community Safety, Ash Regan, along with the Ministerial Action Plan for Water Safety.\n\nCommunity Safety Minister Ash Regan said: “I would like to thank Education Scotland, the Royal Society for the Prevention of Accidents and Water Safety Scotland for their excellent collaborative work in creating this fantastic resource which will help to educate children about keeping themselves and their friends safe around water.\n\n“This is a vital part of the work being taken forward across Scotland to improve public safety, including the recent launch of the Water Safety Action Plan drawn up by the Scottish Government and a range of key partners.”\n\nWater Safety Scotland aims to roll out the next phase of this initiative in late May and will continue this strategy during the rest of 2022.\n\nMain photo Credit: Joshua Woroniecki / Pixabay\n\nShare this article:\n\n\n\nTweet\n\nWhatsApp\n\nPrint\n\nMore\n\n\n\n\n\nRelated', 'image': 'https://i0.wp.com/www.renfrewshire24.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/Water.jpg?fit=1200%2C800&ssl=1', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:02'}

{'title': 'UK Officials Examining Links Between Adenovirus and Hepatitis in Children', 'keywords': ['adenovirus', 'liver', 'ukhsa', 'cases', 'infection', 'health', 'examining', 'uk'], 'polarity': 0.0363, 'subjectivity': 0.3346, 'link': 'https://www.theepochtimes.com/uk-officials-examining-links-between-adenovirus-and-hepatitis-in-children_4427754.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:45', 'summary': '(Robyn Beck/AFP/Getty Images)UK Officials Examining Links Between Adenovirus and Hepatitis in ChildrenHealth officials in the UK say they are focusing on a possible adenovirus link to cases of severe hepatitis—or liver inflammation—in children.\nThere have been at least 169 cases of “acute hepatitis of unknown origin” recorded worldwide, and one death, while 10 children in the UK alone have needed liver transplants.\nThe cause of the spike in cases among children remains unknown, but British health officials say a strain of adenovirus called F41 could be the most probable cause.\nUK public health officials have ruled out any links to COVID-19 vaccines, saying none of the affected children were vaccinated.\nThe Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) issued a health advisory last week after children in Alabama were discovered to have adenovirus and hepatitis infections.', 'channel': 'theepochtimes.com', 'text': 'A nurse loads a syringe with a vaccine against hepatitis at a free immunization clinic for students before the start of the school year, in Lynwood, California, on Aug., 27, 2013. (Robyn Beck/AFP/Getty Images)\n\nUK Officials Examining Links Between Adenovirus and Hepatitis in Children\n\nHealth officials in the UK say they are focusing on a possible adenovirus link to cases of severe hepatitis—or liver inflammation—in children.\n\nThere have been at least 169 cases of “acute hepatitis of unknown origin” recorded worldwide, and one death, while 10 children in the UK alone have needed liver transplants.\n\nHepatitis can be life-threatening if left untreated.\n\nThe cause of the spike in cases among children remains unknown, but British health officials say a strain of adenovirus called F41 could be the most probable cause.\n\nAdenovirus, a viral infection that usually causes the common cold, was detected in 75 percent of the confirmed cases tested, the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA) said in a statement on Monday.\n\nAdenovirus, a common group of viruses, is now circulating in children at higher than average levels after dropping to unusually low levels during the pandemic. One avenue of inquiry being explored is that the outbreak may be linked to a surge in common viral infections after COVID-19 restrictions were phased out. Children who weren’t exposed to adenovirus over the last two years may now be getting hit harder when they are exposed to the viruses.\n\n“Information gathered through our investigations increasingly suggests that this rise in sudden onset hepatitis in children is linked to adenovirus infection,” said Dr. Meera Chand, director of clinical and emerging infections at UKHSA. “However, we are thoroughly investigating other potential causes.”\n\nThe British health agency said in a briefing Monday that there may be “a cofactor causing a normal adenovirus to produce a more severe clinical presentation in young children.”\n\nThis could be an “increased susceptibility due to reduced exposure during the pandemic, prior SARS-CoV-2 or other infection, or a yet undiscovered coinfection or toxin,” it said.\n\n“Alternatively, there may have been emergence of a novel adenovirus strain with altered characteristics,” UKHSA said.\n\nThe majority of children affected are under the age of 5 and have presented symptoms of gastroenteritis illness—diarrhoea and nausea—as well as jaundice, which is the yellowing of the skin and whites of the eyes.\n\nUK public health officials have ruled out any links to COVID-19 vaccines, saying none of the affected children were vaccinated.\n\nThe Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) issued a health advisory last week after children in Alabama were discovered to have adenovirus and hepatitis infections.\n\nThe CDC said that five pediatric patients with significant liver injury, including three with acute liver failure, who also tested positive for adenovirus, were reported to the agency by an Alabama hospital.\n\nThe CDC added that the children were previously healthy and that none had COVID-19.\n\nTwo cases were also identified in North Carolina, health department officials said.\n\nCases have also been found in Denmark, Spain, and the Netherlands, according to the European Center for Disease Prevention and Control.\n\nJack Phillips and The Associated Press contributed to this report.', 'image': 'https://img.theepochtimes.com/assets/uploads/2019/07/01/GettyImages-178241178-1200x798.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:45'}
{'title': 'Hepatitis outbreak: Where has the mystery strain that has killed at least one child been detected?', 'keywords': ['mystery', 'acute', 'outbreak', 'adenovirus', 'ukhsa', 'cases', 'possible', 'investigating', 'infection', 'cause', 'killed', 'children', 'detected'], 'polarity': 0.0783, 'subjectivity': 0.5019, 'link': 'https://www.euronews.com/next/2022/04/25/hepatitis-outbreak-where-has-the-mystery-strain-which-has-killed-at-least-one-child-been-d', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:05', 'summary': 'At least one child has died after falling ill from a mysterious outbreak of acute hepatitis that has infected children in 10 European countries, the World Health Organization (WHO) has confirmed.\nCountries where cases of acute severe hepatitis of unknown origin have been detected are marked in orange Euronews Next / CanvaWhat are Adenoviruses?\nHowever, the WHO warned that the possibility that adenovirus infection was behind the acute hepatitis cases was just a theory.\n"While there have been case reports of hepatitis in immunocompromised children with adenovirus infection, adenovirus type 41 is not known to be a cause of hepatitis in otherwise healthy children."\nAccording to the UKHSA, 77 per cent of acute hepatitis cases tested were positive for adenovirus.', 'channel': 'euronews.com', 'text': 'At least one child has died after falling ill from a mysterious outbreak of acute hepatitis that has infected children in 10 European countries, the World Health Organization (WHO) has confirmed.\n\nAs of April 21, there had been at least 169 cases of "unknown origin" around the world, the WHO said on Saturday.\n\n"Cases are aged 1 month to 16 years old. 17 children (approximately 10 per cent) have required liver transplantation; at least one death has been reported," the WHO said on Saturday.\n\nHepatitis is inflammation of the liver, which is a vital organ for processing nutrients, filtering blood, and fighting infections.\n\nWhile the WHO said that the cause of the infections was still being investigated, the UN body noted that an adenovirus infection leading to acute hepatitis was one possible option under consideration.\n\n"The common viruses that cause acute viral hepatitis (hepatitis viruses A, B, C, D, and E) have not been detected in any of these cases," the WHO said in a statement, adding that adenovirus had been detected "in at least 74 cases".\n\nWhere have cases been detected?\n\nAs of April 21, 114 cases had been reported in the United Kingdom, 13 in Spain, 12 in Israel, nine in the United States, six in Denmark, fewer than five in Ireland, 4 each in the Netherlands and Italy, 2 in Norway and France and 1 each in Romania and Belgium, the WHO said.\n\nThe WHO did not reveal where or when the death had taken place.\n\nCountries where cases of acute severe hepatitis of unknown origin have been detected are marked in orange Euronews Next / Canva\n\nWhat are Adenoviruses?\n\nAdenoviruses can cause a range of different illnesses, ranging from mild to more severe.\n\nAccording to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), people infected with an adenovirus can display cold or flu-like symptoms, fever or sore throat, as well as more severe illness like acute respiratory infections like bronchitis or pneumonia.\n\nThey can also cause gastroenteritis, an inflammation of the stomach or intestines that can cause diarrhoea, vomiting, nausea and stomach pain.\n\nAdenovirus type 41, the particular strain identified as having a possible link to the hepatitis cases, usually causes symptoms of diarrhoea, vomiting and fever, as well as respiratory symptoms, the CDC said.\n\nHowever, the WHO warned that the possibility that adenovirus infection was behind the acute hepatitis cases was just a theory.\n\n"While there have been case reports of hepatitis in immunocompromised children with adenovirus infection, adenovirus type 41 is not known to be a cause of hepatitis in otherwise healthy children." the UN body said.\n\nUK investigating adenovirus link\n\nThe United Kingdom, which has seen 114 of the reported 169 acute hepatitis cases, said on Thursday that it was investigating whether a change in the genome of the adenovirus could be responsible for the acute hepatitis infections.\n\nAs it is not usual to see this pattern of disease from adenovirus, we are actively investigating other possible contributing factors UK Health Security Agency April 21 statement\n\n"Information gathered through our investigations increasingly suggests that this is linked to adenovirus infection. However, we are thoroughly investigating other potential causes," Dr Meera Chand, Director of Clinical and Emerging Infections at the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA), said.\n\nAccording to the UKHSA, 77 per cent of acute hepatitis cases tested were positive for adenovirus.\n\n"However, as it is not usual to see this pattern of disease from adenovirus, we are actively investigating other possible contributing factors, such as another infection (including COVID-19) or an environmental cause," the UKHSA said.\n\n"There is no link to the COVID-19 vaccine," the UKHSA said, adding that none of the confirmed cases in the UK so far have been vaccinated.\n\nIn a statement, the CDC said doctors should "consider adenovirus testing" of children who appear to have hepatitis of unknown origin.', 'image': 'https://static.euronews.com/articles/stories/06/65/23/30/1000x563_cmsv2_1898f799-bd13-58c0-997d-1a9e4484b855-6652330.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:05'}

{'title': 'The Monarchs of 1952: King Haakon VII of Norway', 'keywords': ['elizabeth', 'queen', 'monarchs', 'throne', 'reign', '1952', 'public', 'son', 'norway'], 'polarity': 0.0593, 'subjectivity': 0.1705, 'link': 'https://royalcentral.co.uk/uk/the-monarchs-of-1952-king-haakon-vii-of-norway-175380/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:10', 'summary': 'When Queen Elizabeth II ascended to the throne on 6 February 1952, she joined a large group of European rulers.\nKing Haakon VII of NorwayThe first monarch of an independent Norway, King Haakon VII was more than a fellow monarch at the time of Queen Elizabeth II’s accession: he was family.\nHaakon was born Prince Carl of Denmark, and could have never dreamed that one day he would become the king of a newly-independent Norway.\nHaakon married Maud of Wales, a daughter of Edward VII, in 1896; making his descendants cousins to Queen Elizabeth II.\nElizabeth II has seen three Monarchs in Norway during her 70 year reign: King Haakon VII, King Olav V (1957 – 1991) and King Harald V, who took the throne in 1991.', 'channel': 'royalcentral.co.uk', 'text': 'When Queen Elizabeth II ascended to the throne on 6 February 1952, she joined a large group of European rulers. In this series, Royal Central looks at the men and women who were ruling on the continent as the longest reign in modern European history got under way.\n\nKing Haakon VII of Norway\n\nThe first monarch of an independent Norway, King Haakon VII was more than a fellow monarch at the time of Queen Elizabeth II’s accession: he was family.\n\nHaakon was born Prince Carl of Denmark, and could have never dreamed that one day he would become the king of a newly-independent Norway. In 1905, following the separation of Sweden and Norway, he was offered the Norwegian throne, but first insisted on a plebiscite to show that the public truly wanted him for their monarch.\n\nWhen the results came back that 79% of the public wished to retain a monarchy, he was formally offered the throne, and became Norway’s first modern king on 18 November 1905.\n\nHaakon married Maud of Wales, a daughter of Edward VII, in 1896; making his descendants cousins to Queen Elizabeth II. His son and only child, Olav, was a first cousin to George VI; the current Norwegian king, Harald, is a second cousin to Queen Elizabeth II.\n\nAs a newcomer to his new country, Haakon devoted himself to learning everything he could about Norway. He travelled extensively within the country and endeared himself to the public. He worked to make the monarchy representative for the people while also maintaining its sense of tradition; and during the Second World War, led with aplomb even as he set up a government-in-exile. The Norwegian Royal Family returned to great fanfare exactly five years to the day after they were evacuated, on 7 June 1945.\n\nThe post-war years of Haakon’s reign continued much in the same fashion as his early reign; spending time travelling around Norway to see how the people had been affected by, and were rebuilding from, the war. He attended the funeral of his nephew, George VI, in 1952.\n\nAt Queen Elizabeth’s coronation, King Haakon was represented by his son and daughter-in-law, the Crown Prince and Crown Princess, and his daughter, Princess Astrid. One of Queen Elizabeth II’s earliest state visits was to Norway, which she visited from 24–26 June 1955.\n\nHaakon’s health began to decline in the late ‘50s. A fall in 1955 led to him using a wheelchair for the rest of his life; and his health began to rapidly decline over the summer of 1957. He passed away on 21 September 1957, and was succeeded by his son and heir, Olav.\n\nElizabeth II has seen three Monarchs in Norway during her 70 year reign: King Haakon VII, King Olav V (1957 – 1991) and King Harald V, who took the throne in 1991.', 'image': 'https://royalcentral.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2021/01/Kong_Haakons_hjemkomst_7._juni_1945_Kongen_og_kronprinsesse_Martha_i_bilkortesje_pa_Karl_Johans_gate_Oslo_Museum_OB.F12570r_-_Crop.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:10'}
{'title': 'The Monarchs of 1952: King Gustav VI Adolf of Sweden', 'keywords': ['xvi', 'elizabeth', 'queen', 'prince', 'reign', 'king', 'gustaf', '1952'], 'polarity': 0.0327, 'subjectivity': 0.2076, 'link': 'https://royalcentral.co.uk/uk/the-monarchs-of-1952-king-gustav-vi-adolf-of-sweden-175382/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:36', 'summary': 'King Gustav VI Adolf of SwedenKing Gustaf VI Adolf of Sweden’s accession came less than two years before Queen Elizabeth II’s, but he’d been serving as Crown Prince for 42 years before his reign began.\nGustaf VI Adolf married Princess Margaret of Connaught in 1905 and together they had four children, including heir Prince Gustaf Adolf and Queen Ingrid of Denmark.\nPrincess Margaret succumbed to an infection in 1920, and Gustaf VI Adolf remarried Louise Mountbatten in 1923.\nGustaf VI Adolf was The Queen’s first incoming state visit, which lasted from 28 June-1 July 1954.\nIn her 70 year reign, Elizabeth II has seen two Monarchs in Sweden – King Gustaf VI Adolf and King Carl XVI Gustaf.', 'channel': 'royalcentral.co.uk', 'text': 'When Queen Elizabeth II ascended to the throne on 6 February 1952, she joined a large group of European rulers. In this series, Royal Central looks at the men and women who were ruling on the continent as the longest reign in modern European history got under way.\n\nKing Gustav VI Adolf of Sweden\n\nKing Gustaf VI Adolf of Sweden’s accession came less than two years before Queen Elizabeth II’s, but he’d been serving as Crown Prince for 42 years before his reign began.\n\nAs the oldest child of King Gustav V, Gustaf VI Adolf spent his formative years in Sweden and became the Crown Prince at the age of 25. He inherited his throne shortly before his 68th birthday, making him, at the time, the oldest heir apparent in the world (a record the current Prince of Wales surpassed in 2016).\n\nGustaf VI Adolf married Princess Margaret of Connaught in 1905 and together they had four children, including heir Prince Gustaf Adolf and Queen Ingrid of Denmark. Princess Margaret succumbed to an infection in 1920, and Gustaf VI Adolf remarried Louise Mountbatten in 1923. Sadly, Prince Gustaf Adolf was killed in an airplane crash in 1947, leaving behind four young children, including the current king, Carl XVI Gustaf.\n\nAfter his reign began, Gustaf VI Adolf began working on reforms that would transform the role of the monarch, giving up the few remaining powers he held. He was renowned with the Swedish population, who saw him as a strong and gentle king.\n\nAt Queen Elizabeth II’s coronation, Gustaf VI Adolf was presented by his son, Prince Bertil. Queen Elizabeth made one state visit to Sweden during his reign, from 8–10 June 1956. Gustaf VI Adolf was The Queen’s first incoming state visit, which lasted from 28 June-1 July 1954.\n\nKing Gustaf VI Adolf passed away on 15 September 1973 at the age of 90, and was succeeded by his grandson, Carl XVI Gustaf who, next year, will celebrate his Golden Jubilee.\n\nIn her 70 year reign, Elizabeth II has seen two Monarchs in Sweden – King Gustaf VI Adolf and King Carl XVI Gustaf.', 'image': 'https://royalcentral.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2020/09/Gustaf_VI_Adolf_of_Sweden_1962.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:36'}

{'title': 'EUROPEAN UNION COORDINATES EVACUATION OF PATIENTS IN NEED OF MEDICAL CARE FROM UKRAINE', 'keywords': ['care', 'war', 'response', 'need', 'evacuation', 'countries', 'union'], 'polarity': 0.0606, 'subjectivity': 0.1801, 'link': 'https://open4business.com.ua/european-union-coordinates-evacuation-of-patients-in-need-of-medical-care-from-ukraine/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:38', 'summary': 'In response to Ukraine’s request for the evacuation of patients in need of medical care and forced to leave the country due to the war unleashed by Russia, the European Union is coordinating the relevant work, as well as financing the medical aircraft involved in the transportation.\nFor the evacuation of patients in need of medical care, Ukraine requested assistance from the EU.\nIn response, the EU coordinated the evacuation of nearly 200 people through the EU Civil Protection Mechanism to eleven European countries.\nThe first RESCEU medical evacuation aircraft funded by the EU has been operational since March and is being accepted by Norway, a member state of the EU Civil Protection Mechanism,” he said.\nRelatedEUROPEAN UNION, EVACUATION, MEDICAL CARE', 'channel': 'open4business.com.ua', 'text': 'In response to Ukraine’s request for the evacuation of patients in need of medical care and forced to leave the country due to the war unleashed by Russia, the European Union is coordinating the relevant work, as well as financing the medical aircraft involved in the transportation.\n\nBalazs Ujvari, representative of the European Commission, announced this on Monday in Brussels.\n\n“As the war continues and people continue to leave the country, health care systems in neighboring countries are under significant strain in Poland, Slovakia, Moldova. For the evacuation of patients in need of medical care, Ukraine requested assistance from the EU. In response, the EU coordinated the evacuation of nearly 200 people through the EU Civil Protection Mechanism to eleven European countries. The first RESCEU medical evacuation aircraft funded by the EU has been operational since March and is being accepted by Norway, a member state of the EU Civil Protection Mechanism,” he said.\n\nUjvari also listed the countries that accept Ukrainian patients. These are Germany, Ireland, Italy, Norway, Denmark, Sweden, Romania, Luxembourg, Belgium, Spain and Portugal.\n\nRelated\n\nEUROPEAN UNION, EVACUATION, MEDICAL CARE', 'image': 'https://open4business.com.ua/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/203672_b.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:38'}
{'title': 'Ukraine: EU coordinates further medical evacuations - Ukraine', 'keywords': ['protection', 'need', 'evacuation', 'medical', 'solidarity', 'countries', 'patients', 'norway'], 'polarity': 0.116, 'subjectivity': 0.2774, 'link': 'https://reliefweb.int/report/ukraine/ukraine-eu-coordinates-further-medical-evacuations', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:04', 'summary': 'As the war continues and people arrive from Ukraine, health systems in neighbouring countries face significant pressure.\nPoland, Slovakia, Moldova, and Ukraine have requested assistance from the EU for evacuating patients in need of medical attention.\nThis is supported by the first rescEU medical evacuation plane, which is helping transfer Ukrainian patients.\nThe aircraft is financed by the EU and hosted by Norway, a participating state of the EU Civil Protection Mechanism.\nThis is saving lives and putting EU solidarity into action.”', 'channel': 'reliefweb.int', 'text': 'As the war continues and people arrive from Ukraine, health systems in neighbouring countries face significant pressure. Poland, Slovakia, Moldova, and Ukraine have requested assistance from the EU for evacuating patients in need of medical attention.\n\nIn response, the EU has now coordinated the evacuation of nearly 200 people via the EU Civil Protection Mechanism to 11 European countries (Germany, Ireland, Italy, Norway, Denmark, Sweden, Romania, Luxembourg, Belgium, Spain and Portugal).\n\nThis is supported by the first rescEU medical evacuation plane, which is helping transfer Ukrainian patients. The aircraft is financed by the EU and hosted by Norway, a participating state of the EU Civil Protection Mechanism.\n\nCommissioner for Crisis Management Janez Lenarčič said: “Among the millions of people fleeing the Russian aggression in Ukraine, chronically ill patients are the ones that urgently need specialised medical care. We are seeing strong solidarity from Member States who are making beds available to treat those most in need. This is saving lives and putting EU solidarity into action.”', 'image': 'https://reliefweb.int/profiles/reliefweb/themes/kobe/images/rw-logo-social-media.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:04'}

{'title': 'DJ Tim Westwood accused of sexual misconduct by multiple women', 'keywords': ['capital', 'misconduct', 'victims', 'sexual', 'radio', 'bbc', 'allegations', 'tim'], 'polarity': 0.0786, 'subjectivity': 0.295, 'link': 'https://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2022/04/26/dj-tim-westwood-accused-sexual-misconduct-multiple-women/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:33', 'summary': 'DJ Tim Westwood is facing multiple allegations of sexual misconduct by women who accuse him of abusing his position to exploit them.\nSeven victims, all of whom are black, have spoken out as part of a joint investigation into Westwood.\nTheir accounts will be aired in a documentary, Tim Westwood: Abuse of Power, which airs on BBC Three at 9pm on Tuesday evening.\n"Tim Westwood strongly rejects all allegations of wrongdoing."\nIn 2013, Westwood left BBC Radio 1 and BBC Radio 1Xtra after nearly 20 years and returned to Capital Radio.', 'channel': 'telegraph.co.uk', 'text': 'DJ Tim Westwood is facing multiple allegations of sexual misconduct by women who accuse him of abusing his position to exploit them.\n\nThe 64-year-old has been accused of predatory and unwanted sexual behaviour and groping over a period of more than two decades in allegations made to the BBC and the Guardian.\n\nSeven victims, all of whom are black, have spoken out as part of a joint investigation into Westwood. Their accounts will be aired in a documentary, Tim Westwood: Abuse of Power, which airs on BBC Three at 9pm on Tuesday evening.\n\nWestwood strenuously denies the allegations. A spokesperson for the former Radio 1 DJ said: "In a career that has spanned 40 years, there have never been any complaints made against him officially or unofficially.\n\n"Tim Westwood strongly rejects all allegations of wrongdoing."\n\nThe victims reportedly decided to speak out after anonymous allegations of inappropriate behaviour about Westwood started circulating on social media in June 2020. Westwood denied any wrongdoing at the time and said the claims were fabricated and false.\n\nThe DJ, who is the son of Bill Westwood, the former Anglican Bishop of Peterborough who died in 1999, began his career with local radio before joining Capital Radio in London and was later given his own show by BBC Radio 1.\n\nHe was injured in a drive-by shooting in Kennington, South London, on July 18 1999, which left him in hospital.\n\nIn 2013, Westwood left BBC Radio 1 and BBC Radio 1Xtra after nearly 20 years and returned to Capital Radio.\n\nHe presents a regular show on Saturday nights on Capital Xtra, where he is referred to as "The Big Dawg".\n\nOften cited as an inspiration for Sacha Baron Cohen\'s fictional Ali G character, Westwood presented the MTV UK car makeover show Pimp My Ride UK, which ran for three seasons from 2005 to 2007.', 'image': 'https://www.telegraph.co.uk/content/dam/news/2022/04/26/TELEMMGLPICT000142579340_trans_NvBQzQNjv4Bqe8exRwkrG0gUQzS_A7vs-BBsY7nsdFg2Wh6yCSSRi7c.jpeg?impolicy=logo-overlay', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:33'}
{'title': 'Hip hop DJ Tim Westwood denies sexual misconduct claims', 'keywords': ['dj', 'misconduct', 'sexual', 'hip', 'bbc', 'hop', 'allegations', 'strongly', 'pa', 'women', 'claims', 'denies'], 'polarity': 0.054, 'subjectivity': 0.3245, 'link': 'https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/tim-westwood-capital-radio-south-london-ali-g-bbc-radio-1xtra-b2065681.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:42', 'summary': 'Veteran hip hop DJ and radio presenter Tim Westwood “strongly rejects all allegations of wrongdoing” after he was accused of sexual misconduct and predatory behaviour by several women.\nThree women have accused the DJ of opportunistic and predatory sexual behaviour, while four others allege they were groped by him at events, according to the Guardian.\nTim Westwood (Ian West/PA) (PA Archive)A statement from a representative to the PA news agency said: “Tim Westwood strongly denies all allegations of inappropriate behaviour.\nIn 2013, Westwood left BBC Radio 1 and BBC Radio 1Xtra after nearly 20 years and returned to Capital Radio.\nThe women, who have remained anonymous, will detail their allegations in a documentary, Tim Westwood: Abuse of Power, which airs on BBC Three at 9pm on Tuesday.', 'channel': 'independent.co.uk', 'text': 'Veteran hip hop DJ and radio presenter Tim Westwood “strongly rejects all allegations of wrongdoing” after he was accused of sexual misconduct and predatory behaviour by several women.\n\nIn allegations made to the BBC and the Guardian, the former BBC Radio 1 DJ, 64, is alleged to have misused his position in the music industry to take advantage of seven women who were in their late teens or early 20s at the time.\n\nThree women have accused the DJ of opportunistic and predatory sexual behaviour, while four others allege they were groped by him at events, according to the Guardian.\n\nTim Westwood (Ian West/PA) (PA Archive)\n\nA statement from a representative to the PA news agency said: “Tim Westwood strongly denies all allegations of inappropriate behaviour.\n\n“In a career that has spanned 40 years, there have never been any complaints made against him officially or unofficially.\n\n“Tim Westwood strongly rejects all allegations of wrongdoing.”\n\nThe DJ, who is the son of Bill Westwood, the former Anglican Bishop of Peterborough who died in 1999, began his career with local radio before joining Capital Radio in London and was later given his own show by BBC Radio 1.\n\nA statement from the BBC to the PA news agency said: “The BBC is against all forms of inappropriate behaviour and we are shocked to hear of these allegations. The BBC has strict codes of conduct for all those engaged by the BBC, including on-air presenters.”\n\nWestwood was injured in a drive-by shooting in Kennington, South London, on July 18 1999, which left him in hospital.\n\nIn 2013, Westwood left BBC Radio 1 and BBC Radio 1Xtra after nearly 20 years and returned to Capital Radio.\n\nHe presents a regular show on Saturday nights on Capital Xtra, where he is referred to as “The Big Dawg”.\n\nOften cited as an inspiration for Sacha Baron Cohen’s fictional Ali G character, Westwood presented the MTV UK car makeover show Pimp My Ride UK, which ran for three seasons from 2005 to 2007.\n\nThe women, who have remained anonymous, will detail their allegations in a documentary, Tim Westwood: Abuse of Power, which airs on BBC Three at 9pm on Tuesday.', 'image': 'https://static.independent.co.uk/2022/04/26/14/4b8d7e1c86f87fe46c9576338e6ced7dY29udGVudHNlYXJjaGFwaSwxNjUxMDYyNjI3-2.51160742.jpg?quality=75&width=1200&auto=webp', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:42'}

{'title': 'Spar Market format store is the first of its kind in Scotland', 'keywords': ['food', 'center', 'specialty', 'market', 'scotland', 'online', 'decline', 'retailer', '1st', 'walmart'], 'polarity': 0.0644, 'subjectivity': 0.3073, 'link': 'https://www.freshplaza.com/article/9421948/spar-market-format-store-is-the-first-of-its-kind-in-scotland/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:13', 'summary': 'Albert Heijn opens 70th outlet in BelgiumDutch retailer Albert Heijn has opened its 70th store in Belgium, in the town of Hechtel-Eksel, in Limburg.\nSource: esmmagazine.comSpar Market format opens in Scotland as CJ Lang adds 1st company-owned store in 5 yearsCJ Lang & Son, the wholesaler and retailer for Spar in Scotland, has opened its 1st new company store since 2017.\nThe Spar Market format store is the 1st of its kind in Scotland.\nHowever, the decline in online revenue is the 1st recorded decline in the 9-year history of the Salesforce Q1 Shopping Index.\nLenta, which operates a chain of hypermarkets across the country, said it would not issue new guidance until market conditions stabilise.', 'channel': 'freshplaza.com', 'text': 'Albert Heijn opens 70th outlet in Belgium\n\nDutch retailer Albert Heijn has opened its 70th store in Belgium, in the town of Hechtel-Eksel, in Limburg. The landmark store underlines the Ahold Delhaize-owned retailer\'s ambitions in Belgium, it said in a statement, which are \'to colour Flanders blue\' with a mix of 100 physical stores and home delivery of groceries.\n\nSource: esmmagazine.com\n\nSpar Market format opens in Scotland as CJ Lang adds 1st company-owned store in 5 years\n\nCJ Lang & Son, the wholesaler and retailer for Spar in Scotland, has opened its 1st new company store since 2017. It has acquired a 3rd-generation family-run convenience store, Kinnaird’s Nisa Local, in Dalbeattie, Dumfriesshire. The Spar Market format store is the 1st of its kind in Scotland. It features a strong focus on fresh fruit and vegetables, as well as chilled foods, and caters for key customer missions including food-to-go and meal for tonight.\n\nSource: talkingretail.com\n\nDenmark: Coop sets climate requirements for all major food suppliers\n\nCoop Denmark has released a new set of climate-related requirements for all its major food suppliers. Suppliers must commit to \'ambitious\' climate impact reduction targets for the groceries they deliver to SuperBrugsen, Kvickly, Dagli´Brugsen, Coop 365discount, Fakta, Irma, and Coop.dk MAD, the retailer said. It will primarily apply to the more than 50 suppliers who deliver goods worth approximately DKK100mln (€13.4mln) per year and more.\n\nSource: esmmagazine.com\n\nPhilippines: foodpanda & NGO Ople Center partner for expansion of BuyAnihan Palengke livelihood program\n\nfoodpanda has partnered with the Blas F. Ople Policy Center and Training Institute for the expansion of the BuyAnihan Palengke CSR initiative aimed at helping enterprising Filipinos become resellers of fresh produce sourced directly from local farmers. Dubbed as a Fruits and Veggies Street Fest, the outdoor food bazaar exhibit featured fresh vegetables & fruits and food & refreshments sold by the program’s beneficiaries.\n\nSource: mb.com.ph\n\nUK: Lidl calls on public to help locate sites for new stores\n\nLidl GB has announced that it is calling on the British public for support in identifying sites for new stores. The discounter, which is investing £1.3bln in its expansion across 2021 and 2022, has revealed that it is offering a finder’s fee to members of the public who successfully identify suitable sites for new Lidl stores. The fee is either 1.5% of the total freehold purchase price or 10% of the 1st year’s rent for leaseholds, which would equate to £22,500 for a completed £1.5m site purchase.\n\nSource: corporate.lidl.co.uk\n\nOnline sales in Europe -13% in 1st quarter\n\nGlobally, ecommerce revenues have dropped 3% in the 1st quarter of this year, when compared to that same period in 2021. That decline was seen in Europe as well (-13%). However, online sales in Spain reached a 6% year-on-year growth. It’s the only country in Europe where digital revenues grew in this time frame. The global growth of online sales has been slowing down in previous quarters, as shown in previous research. However, the decline in online revenue is the 1st recorded decline in the 9-year history of the Salesforce Q1 Shopping Index. The decline forms a stark contrast to the global online revenue growth in Q1 in 2021 of 69%.\n\nSource: ecommercenews.eu\n\nNew Zealand: Foodstuffs partners with community organisations to open more social supermarkets\n\nAs part of its commitment to be Here for NZ and a promise to provide New Zealanders with access to healthy affordable food and supporting communities to thrive, Foodstuffs - the 100% New Zealand owned and operated co-operatives behind PAK’nSAVE, New World and Four Square - is expanding its innovative social supermarket initiative to a new partnership in the Far North, which will provide the dignity of choice for whānau in the region who need support with accessing food.\n\nSource: foodstuffs.co.nz\n\nRussia: Retailer Lenta withdraws 2022 guidance due to political uncertainty\n\nRussian retailer Lenta said that it was pulling its 2022 guidance on store openings and capital expenditure as political uncertainty continues to put pressure on Russia’s retail market. Lenta, which operates a chain of hypermarkets across the country, said it would not issue new guidance until market conditions stabilise.\n\nSource: reuters.com\n\nPortugal: Lidl brings back algae-based lingerie\n\nLidl Portugal has re-stocked its shelves with seaweed-fibre lingerie range, sold under the Esmara private-label brand. The Seacell range uses fibre produced from seaweed, which is carbon neutral and completely biodegradable.\n\nSource: esmmagazine.com\n\nUS: SpartanNash launches specialty foods online platform\n\nSpartanNash is making it easier for its independent supermarket customers to expand their selection of specialty and local foods. The Grand Rapids, Michigan-based grocery distributor unveiled SpartanNash SpecialtyDirect, a new online platform created with Specialty Food Partners (SFP), whose solutions and partner network give distributors and retailers a direct, digital path to purchase for wholesale specialty grocery products.\n\nSource: supermarketnews.com\n\nUS: Walmart opens South Carolina import distribution center\n\nWalmart has opened a $220mln import distribution center in Ridgeville, South Carolina. The grand-opening event featured remarks from South Carolina Gov. Henry McMaster and Mike Gray, Walmart’s SVP supply chain of operations, along with a congratulatory video from John Furner, president and CEO of Walmart, and ended with a ribbon-cutting ceremony.\n\nSource: progressivegrocer.com\n\nCanada: Longo’s changes executive structure\n\nLongo\'s has announced changes to its executive structure, which it says is part of an "ambitious 10-year plan that will require investments in people, technology, and processes". In a note to its team members, president and CEO Anthony Longo said the organization "must reflect an elevated guest experience in-store and online".\n\nSource: canadiangrocer.com\n\nUS: Walmart to permanently close distribution center hit by fire; 1,132 jobs lost\n\nWalmart will not reopen the Plainfield, Indiana warehouse facility that was destroyed by fire earlier this spring, the company has announced. In a letter the company notified state leaders that the entire facility will close, leaving 1,132 workers without a job.\n\nSource: wishtv.com', 'image': 'https://www.freshplaza.com/remote/https/agfstorage.blob.core.windows.net/misc/FP_com/2022/index_foto_retail/Retail_SPAR_168061855.fw.jpg?preset=OgImage', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:13'}
{'title': 'Walmart has opened an import distribution center in South Carolina', 'keywords': ['food', 'specialty', 'carolina', 'market', 'south', 'store', 'online', 'decline', 'retailer', '1st'], 'polarity': 0.0644, 'subjectivity': 0.3073, 'link': 'https://www.freshplaza.com/article/9421985/walmart-has-opened-an-import-distribution-center-in-south-carolina/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:07', 'summary': 'Source: canadiangrocer.comUS: Walmart opens South Carolina import distribution centerWalmart has opened a $220mln import distribution center in Ridgeville, South Carolina.\nSource: progressivegrocer.comUS: SpartanNash launches specialty foods online platformSpartanNash is making it easier for its independent supermarket customers to expand their selection of specialty and local foods.\nSource: supermarketnews.comUS: Walmart to permanently close distribution center hit by fire; 1,132 jobs lostWalmart will not reopen the Plainfield, Indiana warehouse facility that was destroyed by fire earlier this spring, the company has announced.\nSource: wishtv.comAlbert Heijn opens 70th outlet in BelgiumDutch retailer Albert Heijn has opened its 70th store in Belgium, in the town of Hechtel-Eksel, in Limburg.\nHowever, the decline in online revenue is the 1st recorded decline in the 9-year history of the Salesforce Q1 Shopping Index.', 'channel': 'freshplaza.com', 'text': 'Canada: Longo’s changes executive structure\n\nLongo\'s has announced changes to its executive structure, which it says is part of an "ambitious 10-year plan that will require investments in people, technology, and processes". In a note to its team members, president and CEO Anthony Longo said the organization "must reflect an elevated guest experience in-store and online".\n\nSource: canadiangrocer.com\n\nUS: Walmart opens South Carolina import distribution center\n\nWalmart has opened a $220mln import distribution center in Ridgeville, South Carolina. The grand-opening event featured remarks from South Carolina Gov. Henry McMaster and Mike Gray, Walmart’s SVP supply chain of operations, along with a congratulatory video from John Furner, president and CEO of Walmart, and ended with a ribbon-cutting ceremony.\n\nSource: progressivegrocer.com\n\nUS: SpartanNash launches specialty foods online platform\n\nSpartanNash is making it easier for its independent supermarket customers to expand their selection of specialty and local foods. The Grand Rapids, Michigan-based grocery distributor unveiled SpartanNash SpecialtyDirect, a new online platform created with Specialty Food Partners (SFP), whose solutions and partner network give distributors and retailers a direct, digital path to purchase for wholesale specialty grocery products.\n\nSource: supermarketnews.com\n\nUS: Walmart to permanently close distribution center hit by fire; 1,132 jobs lost\n\nWalmart will not reopen the Plainfield, Indiana warehouse facility that was destroyed by fire earlier this spring, the company has announced. In a letter the company notified state leaders that the entire facility will close, leaving 1,132 workers without a job.\n\nSource: wishtv.com\n\nAlbert Heijn opens 70th outlet in Belgium\n\nDutch retailer Albert Heijn has opened its 70th store in Belgium, in the town of Hechtel-Eksel, in Limburg. The landmark store underlines the Ahold Delhaize-owned retailer\'s ambitions in Belgium, it said in a statement, which are \'to colour Flanders blue\' with a mix of 100 physical stores and home delivery of groceries.\n\nSource: esmmagazine.com\n\nSpar Market format opens in Scotland as CJ Lang adds 1st company-owned store in 5 years\n\nCJ Lang & Son, the wholesaler and retailer for Spar in Scotland, has opened its 1st new company store since 2017. It has acquired a 3rd-generation family-run convenience store, Kinnaird’s Nisa Local, in Dalbeattie, Dumfriesshire. The Spar Market format store is the 1st of its kind in Scotland. It features a strong focus on fresh fruit and vegetables, as well as chilled foods, and caters for key customer missions including food-to-go and meal for tonight.\n\nSource: talkingretail.com\n\nDenmark: Coop sets climate requirements for all major food suppliers\n\nCoop Denmark has released a new set of climate-related requirements for all its major food suppliers. Suppliers must commit to \'ambitious\' climate impact reduction targets for the groceries they deliver to SuperBrugsen, Kvickly, Dagli´Brugsen, Coop 365discount, Fakta, Irma, and Coop.dk MAD, the retailer said. It will primarily apply to the more than 50 suppliers who deliver goods worth approximately DKK100mln (€13.4mln) per year and more.\n\nSource: esmmagazine.com\n\nPhilippines: foodpanda & NGO Ople Center partner for expansion of BuyAnihan Palengke livelihood program\n\nfoodpanda has partnered with the Blas F. Ople Policy Center and Training Institute for the expansion of the BuyAnihan Palengke CSR initiative aimed at helping enterprising Filipinos become resellers of fresh produce sourced directly from local farmers. Dubbed as a Fruits and Veggies Street Fest, the outdoor food bazaar exhibit featured fresh vegetables & fruits and food & refreshments sold by the program’s beneficiaries.\n\nSource: mb.com.ph\n\nUK: Lidl calls on public to help locate sites for new stores\n\nLidl GB has announced that it is calling on the British public for support in identifying sites for new stores. The discounter, which is investing £1.3bln in its expansion across 2021 and 2022, has revealed that it is offering a finder’s fee to members of the public who successfully identify suitable sites for new Lidl stores. The fee is either 1.5% of the total freehold purchase price or 10% of the 1st year’s rent for leaseholds, which would equate to £22,500 for a completed £1.5m site purchase.\n\nSource: corporate.lidl.co.uk\n\nOnline sales in Europe -13% in 1st quarter\n\nGlobally, ecommerce revenues have dropped 3% in the 1st quarter of this year, when compared to that same period in 2021. That decline was seen in Europe as well (-13%). However, online sales in Spain reached a 6% year-on-year growth. It’s the only country in Europe where digital revenues grew in this time frame. The global growth of online sales has been slowing down in previous quarters, as shown in previous research. However, the decline in online revenue is the 1st recorded decline in the 9-year history of the Salesforce Q1 Shopping Index. The decline forms a stark contrast to the global online revenue growth in Q1 in 2021 of 69%.\n\nSource: ecommercenews.eu\n\nNew Zealand: Foodstuffs partners with community organisations to open more social supermarkets\n\nAs part of its commitment to be Here for NZ and a promise to provide New Zealanders with access to healthy affordable food and supporting communities to thrive, Foodstuffs - the 100% New Zealand owned and operated co-operatives behind PAK’nSAVE, New World and Four Square - is expanding its innovative social supermarket initiative to a new partnership in the Far North, which will provide the dignity of choice for whānau in the region who need support with accessing food.\n\nSource: foodstuffs.co.nz\n\nRussia: Retailer Lenta withdraws 2022 guidance due to political uncertainty\n\nRussian retailer Lenta said that it was pulling its 2022 guidance on store openings and capital expenditure as political uncertainty continues to put pressure on Russia’s retail market. Lenta, which operates a chain of hypermarkets across the country, said it would not issue new guidance until market conditions stabilise.\n\nSource: reuters.com\n\nPortugal: Lidl brings back algae-based lingerie\n\nLidl Portugal has re-stocked its shelves with seaweed-fibre lingerie range, sold under the Esmara private-label brand. The Seacell range uses fibre produced from seaweed, which is carbon neutral and completely biodegradable.\n\nSource: esmmagazine.com', 'image': 'https://www.freshplaza.com/remote/https/agfstorage.blob.core.windows.net/misc/FP_com/2022/index_foto_retail/Retail_Walmart_3009.jpg?preset=OgImage', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:07'}

{'title': "Nigel Farage says nobody follows him on Twitter anymore, blames ‘algorithm'", 'keywords': ['anymore', 'pictures', 'afpgetty', 'follows', 'algorithm', 'london', 'near', 'pa', 'dover', 'getty', 'day', 'blames', '2022'], 'polarity': 0.0867, 'subjectivity': 0.3658, 'link': 'https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/elon-musk-twitter-nigel-farage-algorithm-b2065929.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:45', 'summary': 'Nigel Farage has claimed that nobody new follows him on Twitter anymore and said engagement with his posts is at an "all-time low".\nThe former Ukip leader blamed the low interest in his musings on the social network\'s "algorithm" which he suggested was somehow penalising him.\nHis comments come as US billionaire Elon Musk bought the website for $44 billion US (£35 billion) and claimed he would protect free speech.\nIn a post on the social network Farage said: "For years I would gain 30,000 new Twitter followers per month and most tweets would get 5,000 plus retweets.\nMr Farage said, adding that he hoped the new owner Mr Musk would address the situation.', 'channel': 'independent.co.uk', 'text': 'Nigel Farage has claimed that nobody new follows him on Twitter anymore and said engagement with his posts is at an "all-time low".\n\nThe former Ukip leader blamed the low interest in his musings on the social network\'s "algorithm" which he suggested was somehow penalising him.\n\nHis comments come as US billionaire Elon Musk bought the website for $44 billion US (£35 billion) and claimed he would protect free speech.\n\nIn a post on the social network Farage said: "For years I would gain 30,000 new Twitter followers per month and most tweets would get 5,000 plus retweets.\n\n"Now I\'ve had zero growth for 18 months and engagement is at an all-time low. It\'s the same for thousands of others.\n\n"Twitter\'s algorithm now needs to change — and change fast!"\n\nMr Farage admitted that it was possible that "my stuff\'s really dull and boring" and that "I\'ve not nothing interesting to say, no original thoughts whatsoever".\n\nBut he added, laughing: "I don\'t actually think that\'s the case."\n\nUK news in pictures Show all 50 1 /50 UK news in pictures UK news in pictures 26 April 2022 One of the Liverbirds that sits atop of the Royal Liver Building in Liverpool, is illuminated just before the sun rises over the city PA UK news in pictures 25 April 2022 Prime Minister Boris Johnson paints over the white line of the centre circle during a visit to Bury FC at their Gigg Lane ground in Bury, Greater Manchester Getty UK news in pictures 24 April 2022 A lone Grenadier Guard during the Dawn Service commemorating Anzac Day at the New Zealand Memorial at Hyde Park Corner, London PA UK news in pictures 23 April 2022 Killy Cavendish during St George\'s Day celebrations in London\'s Trafalgar Square PA UK news in pictures 22 April 2022 A demonstrator holds a pink smoke flare billowing over members of Extinction Rebellion staging a protest against the use of and investment in fossil fuel, outside offices of Vanguard Asset Management on Earth Day in the City of London Reuters UK news in pictures 21 April 2022 The Honourable Artillery Company (HAC), the City of London\'s Reserve Army Regiment, fire a 62 Gun Royal Salute at the Tower of London to mark the 96th birthday of Queen Elizabeth II PA UK news in pictures 20 April 2022 Stella Morris the wife of Julian Assange talks to the media outside Westminster Magistrates\' Court in London, after Wikileaks founder Julian Assange was formally issued with an order for extradition to the US to face espionage charges PA UK news in pictures 19 April 2022 Sunrise behind the Bass Rock off the East Lothian coast near North Berwick PA UK news in pictures 18 April 2022 Riders dressed as knights take part in the International Jousting Tournament, held at the Royal Armouries Museum in Leeds, northern England AFP/Getty UK news in pictures 17 April 2022 Cyclists take part in MacAvalanche, a mass start mountain bike race through the snow, descending over 900m from the summit of Aonach Mor in the Nevis Range near Fort William PA UK news in pictures 16 April 2022 Zara Tindall riding Classicals Euro Star takes part in the Barefoot Retreats Burnham Market International Horse Trials in Norfolk PA UK news in pictures 15 April 2022 People on the beach in Bournemouth. Good Friday is set to be the hottest day of the year so far, experts have predicted, ahead of "very pleasant" spring conditions over the Easter weekend PA UK news in pictures 14 April 2022 Migrants arrive at Dover port after being picked up in the channel by the border force Getty UK news in pictures 13 April 2022 A demonstrator is carried away by police outside the Department for Business in London after protesting against oil and gas production PA UK news in pictures 12 April 2022 Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer and Scottish Labour leader Anas Sarwar (left) arrive for a meeting at Young People’s Futures, a charity investing in the future of Scotland’s young people, as part of a campaign visit in Glasgow PA UK news in pictures 11 April 2022 Studio supervisor Emma Meehan adds the final touches to a waxwork of US drag queen RuPaul at the unveiling at Madame Tussauds of the latest waxwork in Blackpool AFP via Getty UK news in pictures 10 April 2022 People take part in a protest outside Downing Street in London, over transgender people not being included in plans to ban conversion therapy PA UK news in pictures 9 April 2022 Eventual winner Noble Yeats ridden by jockey Sam Waley-Cohen take the water-jump during the Grand National Steeple Chase on the final day of the Grand National at Aintree Racecourse in Liverpoo AFP/Getty UK news in pictures 8 April 2022 Police officers work to remove activists from Extinction Rebellion who were hanging from suspension cords beside a giant banner that reads “End fossil fuels now”, as they stage a protest on Tower Bridge, east London, which has been closed to traffic PA UK news in pictures 7 April 2022 Lorries queued in Operation Brock on the M20 near Ashford in Kent as freight delays continue at the Port of Dover, in Kent, where P&O ferry services remain suspended after the company sacked 800 workers without notice PA UK news in pictures 6 April 2022 Performer Martti Peltonen stands beneath a chocolate easter egg as it is shattered by a crossbow bolt during a photocall for Circus Vegas in Old Deer Park, Richmond, at the start of their first British tour in over four years PA UK news in pictures 5 April 2022 New street art which has appeared in Leith, Edinburgh, in response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The mural features a Nightingale, the official national bird of Ukraine, against the country’s flag PA UK news in pictures 4 April 2022 Ai-Da, an ultra-realistic robot named after Ada Lovelace, the first computer programmer, paints an image during a photocall in London AFP/Getty UK news in pictures 3 April 2022 Cambridge women’s team celebrate after winning the 76th Women’s Boat Race on the River Thames in London PA UK news in pictures 2 April 2022 People protest against the rising cost of living outside Downing Street in London Reuters UK news in pictures 1 April 2022 Freight and passenger queues waiting to check in at the Port of Dover, Kent, as some ferry services remain suspended at the Port of Dover following P&O Ferries sacking of 800 seafarers without notice PA UK news in pictures 31 March 2022 A soldier of the Household Cavalry Mounted Regiment falls off a horse during a practice to participate in the state ceremonial surrounding this year\'s Platinum Jubilee celebrations at Hyde Park in London AP UK news in pictures 30 March 2022 Sheep in snow on Shetland SWNS UK news in pictures 29 March 2022 Queen Elizabeth II and the Duke of York arrive at a Service of Thanksgiving for the life of the Duke of Edinburgh, at Westminster Abbey in London PA UK news in pictures 28 March 2022 Performers including dancers from Ukraine rehearse the finale as Blackpool Tower Circus prepares to reopen following £1 Million renovation Getty UK news in pictures 27 March 2022 Re-enactors in the grounds of Bolton Castle near to Leyburn in North Yorkshire, watch as re-enactors bring alive the story of the Battle of Towton, which took place on March 29th, 1461 at a small village near to York called Towton PA UK news in pictures 26 March 2022 Early morning swimmers play with a ball in the sea at Cullercoats Bay on the north east coast of England PA UK news in pictures 25 March 2022 A view of lorries queued on the A20 near Dover in Kent as freight delays continue at the Port of Dover where P&O ferry services remain suspended after the company sacked 800 workers without notice last week PA UK news in pictures 24 March 2022 A group of people thought to be migrants are are guided up the beach after being brought in to Dungeness, Kent, onboard the RNLI Lifeboat following a small boat incident in the Channel PA UK news in pictures 23 March 2022 John Shipton, father of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, walks with his son’s partner Stella Moris as they leave from Belmarsh Prison in London where Moris was set to marry Julian Assange AFP/Getty UK news in pictures 22 March 2022 A pedestrian looks at cherry blossom trees in Battersea Park, in London AFP/Getty UK news in pictures 21 March 2022 People walk by daffodils and flowering cherry blossom in War Memorial Park in Coventry PA UK news in pictures 20 March 2022 The Druid Order Spring Equinox ceremony held at Tower Hill Terrace in London. The druids hold a ceremony celebrating the rise of the light. Ceridwen, the earth mother, brings token seeds which are symbolically sown around a circle. The concern of The Druid Order is with the evolution of humanity in harmony with the universe and to teach through open meetings, ceremonies, meditation and ritual PA UK news in pictures 19 March 2022 People take part in the “Stand up to Racism” march in central London to mark UN Anti-Racism Day PA UK news in pictures 18 March 2022 A dog walker on Bamburgh Beach in Northumberland PA UK news in pictures 17 March 2022 Britain’s Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge presents a traditional sprig of shamrock to the mascot of the 1st Battalion Irish Guards, Irish Wolfhound dog Turlough Mor known as Seamus - and his handler drummer Adam Walsh during a St Patrick’s Day Parade at Mons Barracks in Aldershot, south west of London. AFP/Getty UK news in pictures 16 March 2022 Lenny Boyd, 5, explores the sunflowers during a preview for Van Gogh Alive, an immersive, multi-sensory art experience combining high-definition projections of Van Gogh’s paintings with digital surround sound and aromas of Provence, at the Festival Square, in Edinburgh PA UK news in pictures 15 March 2022 Racegoers in the crowd watch the runners and riders in action as Brazil and jockey Mark Walsh win the Boodles Juvenile Handicap Hurdle on day one of the Cheltenham Festival PA UK news in pictures 14 March 2022 Nine year old Remo wears the police hat belonging to dog handle Constable Paul O’Donnell as they speak to the media at Tulliallan Police College, Police Scotland’s Headquarters PA UK news in pictures 13 March 2022 A train driver checks Locomotive 4555 as it steams up and prepares to pull out of the platform at Cranmore station on the East Somerset Railway PA UK news in pictures 12 March 2022 Surfers ride the waves at Rest Bay in Porthcawl as a yellow wind warning is in force across West Wales over the weekend PA UK news in pictures 11 March 2022 Members of the Royal Navy march through Portsmouth during a Royal Navy Freedom of the City parade PA UK news in pictures 10 March 2022 A woman walks miniature poodles into the first day of the Crufts Dog Show at the Birmingham National Exhibition Centre PA UK news in pictures 9 March 2022 A visitor looks at the piece of art called "Myth Explored, explained and exploded" dated of 1993, during a press visit of the exhibition "Natural History" dedicated to British artist Damien Hirst and his formaldehyde sculptures at the Gagosian Kings Cross gallery, in London AFP via Getty Images UK news in pictures 8 March 2022 MPs giving a standing ovation to Ukraine\'s President Volodymyr Zelensky after he speaks to them by live video-link in the House of Commons, in London UK PARLIAMENT/AFP via Getty Images\n\nThe former Brexit campaigner\'s 18-month run of back luck gaining followers on social media appears to align exactly with Britain’s departure from the European Union\'s single market at the start of 2021.\n\nIn a video accompanying his post, Mr Farage also complained that a "senior Twitter executive" had called him a "c**t" in a reported conversation with one of the politician’s friends.\n\n"So much for a platform for free speech!" Mr Farage said, adding that he hoped the new owner Mr Musk would address the situation.', 'image': 'https://static.independent.co.uk/2021/11/14/16/newFile-1.jpg?quality=75&width=1200&auto=webp', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:45'}
{'title': "‘Should have worked harder': Rail bosses enrage workers about to vote in strike ballot", 'keywords': ['harder', 'bosses', 'vote', 'pictures', 'railway', 'london', 'worked', '2022', 'pa', 'enrage', 'day', 'workers'], 'polarity': 0.0303, 'subjectivity': 0.3885, 'link': 'https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/network-rail-strike-ballot-cuts-b2065599.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:34', 'summary': 'Rail bosses have enraged workers about to take part in a national strike ballot, after telling them they “should have probably worked harder at school” if they wanted better pay.\nNicky Hughes, a director of communications at Network Rail, provoked anger from unions at the state-owned company just as 40,000 rail workers vote on whether to walk out over job cuts and salary freezes.\nNetwork Rail said the director’s comments had been “misconstrued” but unions, who are balloting for strike action, seized on them and warned a rail walk-out could be the UK’s biggest ever.\nWorkers on rail operators, which are separate from infrastructure manager Network Rail, are also being balloted in light of pay freezes amid soaring inflation and changes to their terms and conditions.\n“RMT is always open for genuine negotiations with Network Rail and the train operating companies.', 'channel': 'independent.co.uk', 'text': 'Rail bosses have enraged workers about to take part in a national strike ballot, after telling them they “should have probably worked harder at school” if they wanted better pay.\n\nNicky Hughes, a director of communications at Network Rail, provoked anger from unions at the state-owned company just as 40,000 rail workers vote on whether to walk out over job cuts and salary freezes.\n\nNetwork Rail said the director’s comments had been “misconstrued” but unions, who are balloting for strike action, seized on them and warned a rail walk-out could be the UK’s biggest ever.\n\n“Yes, there are some people in our business who are on high salaries,” Ms Hughes, a communications director at the organisation, said in a post on the company’s internal social network defending top executive pay.\n\n“We are a massive multibillion pound business, with complex finances, risks, governance, public and political scrutiny and we also have some of the UK’s biggest construction projects. Managing businesses like these are [sic] enormously complex and complicated... it’s certainly not a job I or many other people can do.\n\n“That doesn’t mean senior managers and leaders are always right... far from it, but equally we should be fair and recognise that all businesses – public and private – compete for managers who have these skill and pay accordingly. It\'s a lesson to those of us who should have probably worked harder at school.”\n\nMs Hughes added that “the alternative” to such pay inequality “is socialism where you don’t have pay differences like this”, noting: “Sadly again, there\'s not much evidence of successful, fair and open socialist countries in the world who’ve managed to do this either.”\n\nThe exchange took place on Yammer, an internal social media platform for Network Rail employees, during a discussion about planned cuts – and screenshots of the post have been circulating widely among workers balloting for a strike.\n\nThe vote has been prompted by the organisation’s plans to cut 2,500 safety-critical maintenance jobs as part of a £2bn reduction in spending. Workers on rail operators, which are separate from infrastructure manager Network Rail, are also being balloted in light of pay freezes amid soaring inflation and changes to their terms and conditions. Voting opened on Tuesday.\n\nIn a follow-up post after receiving angry replies, the director, who oversees communications in the Wales and western region, apologised, telling colleagues she was “so so sorry” to have “caused such offence”, that she had intended her comments to refer to herself, and that she could “see this was a bad choice of words and not relevant to everyone”.\n\nThe National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers (RMT) general secretary Mick Lynch told The Independent: “The comments are a desperate and futile attempt by Network Rail to dissuade our railway members from voting in this upcoming strike ballot.\n\n“Network Rail are trying to avoid the elephant in the room, which is that along with the government, they need to refinance the debt they have with bondholders, not try and cut jobs, conditions and compromise railway safety.\n\n“The removal of 2,500 maintenance roles will have a devastating impact on our members livelihoods and will lead to stronger likelihood of serious accidents on the Network.\n\n“RMT is always open for genuine negotiations with Network Rail and the train operating companies. But our members will not be emotionally blackmailed into accepting proposals that will do permanent damage to the long-term future of the railways in this country.”\n\nManuel Cortes, general secretary of the Transport Salaried Staffs’ Association (TSSA) rail union, described the post as “foolish” and said it “shows how desperately out of touch the company’s fat cats really are:.\n\nHe added: “It’s insulting to suggest that workers ‘should’ve worked harder in school’, rather than acknowledging the very real cost of living problems people suffer when their pay fails to keep up with inflation. These comments sound even more ludicrous when you consider that most of our members are skilled professional staff with many having been university educated.”\n\nUK news in pictures Show all 50 1 /50 UK news in pictures UK news in pictures 23 April 2022 Killy Cavendish during St George\'s Day celebrations in London\'s Trafalgar Square PA UK news in pictures 22 April 2022 A demonstrator holds a pink smoke flare billowing over members of Extinction Rebellion staging a protest against the use of and investment in fossil fuel, outside offices of Vanguard Asset Management on Earth Day in the City of London Reuters UK news in pictures 21 April 2022 The Honourable Artillery Company (HAC), the City of London\'s Reserve Army Regiment, fire a 62 Gun Royal Salute at the Tower of London to mark the 96th birthday of Queen Elizabeth II PA UK news in pictures 20 April 2022 Stella Morris the wife of Julian Assange talks to the media outside Westminster Magistrates\' Court in London, after Wikileaks founder Julian Assange was formally issued with an order for extradition to the US to face espionage charges PA UK news in pictures 19 April 2022 Sunrise behind the Bass Rock off the East Lothian coast near North Berwick PA UK news in pictures 18 April 2022 Riders dressed as knights take part in the International Jousting Tournament, held at the Royal Armouries Museum in Leeds, northern England AFP/Getty UK news in pictures 17 April 2022 Cyclists take part in MacAvalanche, a mass start mountain bike race through the snow, descending over 900m from the summit of Aonach Mor in the Nevis Range near Fort William PA UK news in pictures 16 April 2022 Zara Tindall riding Classicals Euro Star takes part in the Barefoot Retreats Burnham Market International Horse Trials in Norfolk PA UK news in pictures 15 April 2022 People on the beach in Bournemouth. Good Friday is set to be the hottest day of the year so far, experts have predicted, ahead of "very pleasant" spring conditions over the Easter weekend PA UK news in pictures 14 April 2022 Migrants arrive at Dover port after being picked up in the channel by the border force Getty UK news in pictures 13 April 2022 A demonstrator is carried away by police outside the Department for Business in London after protesting against oil and gas production PA UK news in pictures 12 April 2022 Labour leader Sir Keir Starmer and Scottish Labour leader Anas Sarwar (left) arrive for a meeting at Young People’s Futures, a charity investing in the future of Scotland’s young people, as part of a campaign visit in Glasgow PA UK news in pictures 11 April 2022 Studio supervisor Emma Meehan adds the final touches to a waxwork of US drag queen RuPaul at the unveiling at Madame Tussauds of the latest waxwork in Blackpool AFP via Getty UK news in pictures 10 April 2022 People take part in a protest outside Downing Street in London, over transgender people not being included in plans to ban conversion therapy PA UK news in pictures 9 April 2022 Eventual winner Noble Yeats ridden by jockey Sam Waley-Cohen take the water-jump during the Grand National Steeple Chase on the final day of the Grand National at Aintree Racecourse in Liverpoo AFP/Getty UK news in pictures 8 April 2022 Police officers work to remove activists from Extinction Rebellion who were hanging from suspension cords beside a giant banner that reads “End fossil fuels now”, as they stage a protest on Tower Bridge, east London, which has been closed to traffic PA UK news in pictures 7 April 2022 Lorries queued in Operation Brock on the M20 near Ashford in Kent as freight delays continue at the Port of Dover, in Kent, where P&O ferry services remain suspended after the company sacked 800 workers without notice PA UK news in pictures 6 April 2022 Performer Martti Peltonen stands beneath a chocolate easter egg as it is shattered by a crossbow bolt during a photocall for Circus Vegas in Old Deer Park, Richmond, at the start of their first British tour in over four years PA UK news in pictures 5 April 2022 New street art which has appeared in Leith, Edinburgh, in response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The mural features a Nightingale, the official national bird of Ukraine, against the country’s flag PA UK news in pictures 4 April 2022 Ai-Da, an ultra-realistic robot named after Ada Lovelace, the first computer programmer, paints an image during a photocall in London AFP/Getty UK news in pictures 3 April 2022 Cambridge women’s team celebrate after winning the 76th Women’s Boat Race on the River Thames in London PA UK news in pictures 2 April 2022 People protest against the rising cost of living outside Downing Street in London Reuters UK news in pictures 1 April 2022 Freight and passenger queues waiting to check in at the Port of Dover, Kent, as some ferry services remain suspended at the Port of Dover following P&O Ferries sacking of 800 seafarers without notice PA UK news in pictures 31 March 2022 A soldier of the Household Cavalry Mounted Regiment falls off a horse during a practice to participate in the state ceremonial surrounding this year\'s Platinum Jubilee celebrations at Hyde Park in London AP UK news in pictures 30 March 2022 Sheep in snow on Shetland SWNS UK news in pictures 29 March 2022 Queen Elizabeth II and the Duke of York arrive at a Service of Thanksgiving for the life of the Duke of Edinburgh, at Westminster Abbey in London PA UK news in pictures 28 March 2022 Performers including dancers from Ukraine rehearse the finale as Blackpool Tower Circus prepares to reopen following £1 Million renovation Getty UK news in pictures 27 March 2022 Re-enactors in the grounds of Bolton Castle near to Leyburn in North Yorkshire, watch as re-enactors bring alive the story of the Battle of Towton, which took place on March 29th, 1461 at a small village near to York called Towton PA UK news in pictures 26 March 2022 Early morning swimmers play with a ball in the sea at Cullercoats Bay on the north east coast of England PA UK news in pictures 25 March 2022 A view of lorries queued on the A20 near Dover in Kent as freight delays continue at the Port of Dover where P&O ferry services remain suspended after the company sacked 800 workers without notice last week PA UK news in pictures 24 March 2022 A group of people thought to be migrants are are guided up the beach after being brought in to Dungeness, Kent, onboard the RNLI Lifeboat following a small boat incident in the Channel PA UK news in pictures 23 March 2022 John Shipton, father of WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, walks with his son’s partner Stella Moris as they leave from Belmarsh Prison in London where Moris was set to marry Julian Assange AFP/Getty UK news in pictures 22 March 2022 A pedestrian looks at cherry blossom trees in Battersea Park, in London AFP/Getty UK news in pictures 21 March 2022 People walk by daffodils and flowering cherry blossom in War Memorial Park in Coventry PA UK news in pictures 20 March 2022 The Druid Order Spring Equinox ceremony held at Tower Hill Terrace in London. The druids hold a ceremony celebrating the rise of the light. Ceridwen, the earth mother, brings token seeds which are symbolically sown around a circle. The concern of The Druid Order is with the evolution of humanity in harmony with the universe and to teach through open meetings, ceremonies, meditation and ritual PA UK news in pictures 19 March 2022 People take part in the “Stand up to Racism” march in central London to mark UN Anti-Racism Day PA UK news in pictures 18 March 2022 A dog walker on Bamburgh Beach in Northumberland PA UK news in pictures 17 March 2022 Britain’s Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge presents a traditional sprig of shamrock to the mascot of the 1st Battalion Irish Guards, Irish Wolfhound dog Turlough Mor known as Seamus - and his handler drummer Adam Walsh during a St Patrick’s Day Parade at Mons Barracks in Aldershot, south west of London. AFP/Getty UK news in pictures 16 March 2022 Lenny Boyd, 5, explores the sunflowers during a preview for Van Gogh Alive, an immersive, multi-sensory art experience combining high-definition projections of Van Gogh’s paintings with digital surround sound and aromas of Provence, at the Festival Square, in Edinburgh PA UK news in pictures 15 March 2022 Racegoers in the crowd watch the runners and riders in action as Brazil and jockey Mark Walsh win the Boodles Juvenile Handicap Hurdle on day one of the Cheltenham Festival PA UK news in pictures 14 March 2022 Nine year old Remo wears the police hat belonging to dog handle Constable Paul O’Donnell as they speak to the media at Tulliallan Police College, Police Scotland’s Headquarters PA UK news in pictures 13 March 2022 A train driver checks Locomotive 4555 as it steams up and prepares to pull out of the platform at Cranmore station on the East Somerset Railway PA UK news in pictures 12 March 2022 Surfers ride the waves at Rest Bay in Porthcawl as a yellow wind warning is in force across West Wales over the weekend PA UK news in pictures 11 March 2022 Members of the Royal Navy march through Portsmouth during a Royal Navy Freedom of the City parade PA UK news in pictures 10 March 2022 A woman walks miniature poodles into the first day of the Crufts Dog Show at the Birmingham National Exhibition Centre PA UK news in pictures 9 March 2022 A visitor looks at the piece of art called "Myth Explored, explained and exploded" dated of 1993, during a press visit of the exhibition "Natural History" dedicated to British artist Damien Hirst and his formaldehyde sculptures at the Gagosian Kings Cross gallery, in London AFP via Getty Images UK news in pictures 8 March 2022 MPs giving a standing ovation to Ukraine\'s President Volodymyr Zelensky after he speaks to them by live video-link in the House of Commons, in London UK PARLIAMENT/AFP via Getty Images UK news in pictures 7 March 2022 A mural of Ringo Starr, commissioned by Liverpool artist John Culshaw, is unveiled on the gable end of the Empress Pub on Admiral Street in Toxteth, Liverpool PA UK news in pictures 6 March 2022 Cars make their way along the flooded A1101 in Welney in Norfolk PA UK news in pictures 5 March 2022 People hold placards as they take part in a protest against the Russian invasion of Ukraine, in Trafalgar Square, London AP\n\nA Network Rail spokesperson said: “As can often be the case on social media platforms, these comments were misconstrued. The author was referring to her own experiences, not directing the comments at others. She later clarified this on the same thread and this was well received by colleagues.”\n\nOn the RMT ballot, Tim Shoveller, Network Rail’s regional director, said: “Our railway has been hit hard by the Covid-19 pandemic, and even as passenger numbers start to recover, we know travel habits and passenger demand have changed and the industry has to change too. We cannot keep relying on government handouts, and so we must work together with train operators and our trades unions to save millions of pounds and deliver a more efficient railway.\n\n“Our modernisation programme aims to build a sustainable future that delivers for passengers and creates better and safer jobs for our people. We would not consider any changes that would make the railway less safe. We are disappointed that the RMT has taken this decision and urge them again to work with us, not against us, as we build an affordable railway fit for the future.”', 'image': 'https://static.independent.co.uk/2022/04/26/11/iStock-458131533.jpg?quality=75&width=1200&auto=webp', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:34'}

{'title': 'Sweden: Feelgood acquires Nordic provider of addiction treatment', 'keywords': ['capital', 'singapore', 'feelgood', 'started', 'review', 'london', 'financial', 'returning', 'team', 'work'], 'polarity': 0.0, 'subjectivity': 0.0083, 'link': 'https://www.laingbuissonnews.com/healthcare-markets-international-content/sweden-feelgood-acquires-nordic-provider-of-addiction-treatment/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:53', 'summary': 'Nick Herbert has over 30 years’ experience in the financial markets, as both a practitioner and journalist.\nHe started work as an investment banker in London, before joining International Financing Review (IFR) to report on debt capital markets and derivatives.\nHe moved to Singapore in 2000 to manage IFR’s financial markets editorial team throughout Asia, before returning to London in 2009 to take up the position of Publisher for Reuters Capital Markets Publications.\nFor the last five years he has been covering global capital markets, ESG finance and healthcare markets on a freelance basis.', 'channel': 'laingbuissonnews.com', 'text': 'Nick Herbert has over 30 years’ experience in the financial markets, as both a practitioner and journalist. He started work as an investment banker in London, before joining International Financing Review (IFR) to report on debt capital markets and derivatives. He moved to Singapore in 2000 to manage IFR’s financial markets editorial team throughout Asia, before returning to London in 2009 to take up the position of Publisher for Reuters Capital Markets Publications. For the last five years he has been covering global capital markets, ESG finance and healthcare markets on a freelance basis.', 'image': 'https://www.laingbuissonnews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2022/04/road-to-recovery-scaled.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:53'}
{'title': 'Sweden: Fredrik Dalborg takes over CEO role at AddLife as Willgård departs', 'keywords': ['capital', 'started', 'willgård', 'london', 'work', 'singapore', 'review', 'returning', 'team', 'dalborg', 'financial', 'addlife'], 'polarity': 0.0, 'subjectivity': 0.0083, 'link': 'https://www.laingbuissonnews.com/healthcare-markets-international-content/sweden-fredrik-dalborg-takes-over-ceo-role-at-addlife-as-willgard-departs/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:26', 'summary': 'Nick Herbert has over 30 years’ experience in the financial markets, as both a practitioner and journalist.\nHe started work as an investment banker in London, before joining International Financing Review (IFR) to report on debt capital markets and derivatives.\nHe moved to Singapore in 2000 to manage IFR’s financial markets editorial team throughout Asia, before returning to London in 2009 to take up the position of Publisher for Reuters Capital Markets Publications.\nFor the last five years he has been covering global capital markets, ESG finance and healthcare markets on a freelance basis.', 'channel': 'laingbuissonnews.com', 'text': 'Nick Herbert has over 30 years’ experience in the financial markets, as both a practitioner and journalist. He started work as an investment banker in London, before joining International Financing Review (IFR) to report on debt capital markets and derivatives. He moved to Singapore in 2000 to manage IFR’s financial markets editorial team throughout Asia, before returning to London in 2009 to take up the position of Publisher for Reuters Capital Markets Publications. For the last five years he has been covering global capital markets, ESG finance and healthcare markets on a freelance basis.', 'image': 'https://www.laingbuissonnews.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2021/07/CEO-scaled.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:26'}

{'title': "'Never forget!' Hundreds of mourners line the streets for funeral of D-Day veteran", 'keywords': ['forget', 'church', 'british', 'normandy', 'harry', 'mourners', 'funeral', 'billinge', 'mr', 'service', 'dday', 'hundreds', 'billinges', 'coffin'], 'polarity': 0.0746, 'subjectivity': 0.2484, 'link': 'https://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/1601587/Harry-Billinge-funeral-mourners-line-streets-Cornwall-D-day-veteran', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:15', 'summary': "Mr Billinge was 96 when he died on 5 April after a brief illness.\nMr Billinge went on to raise tens of thousands of pounds for military charities in his late life.\n“As a dad, he taught us great values: honesty, kindness, generosity and not to judge.”War veteran Harry Billinge died earlier this month at 96 years old.\nHe also helped raise more than £50,000 for the British Normandy Memorial and would make annual journeys to cemeteries of northern France.\nSpeaking to the BBC in 2019, Mr Billinge said: “I'm no hero, I was lucky, I'm here.", 'channel': 'express.co.uk', 'text': "Harry Billinge: Dan Walker and Sally Nugent pay tribute\n\nSUBSCRIBE Invalid email Sign up for our news briefing, including a daily special Russia-Ukraine edition We use your sign-up to provide content in ways you've consented to and to improve our understanding of you. This may include adverts from us and 3rd parties based on our understanding. You can unsubscribe at any time. More info\n\nThe war hero was one of the first British soldiers to storm Gold Beach during the Normandy landings in 1944. Mr Billinge’s coffin was taken through his hometown of St Austell in Cornwall before a church service in Charlestown, where hundreds turned out to pay their respects.\n\nMr Billinge was 96 when he died on 5 April after a brief illness. The former Royal Engineer was just 18 years old when he landed on the beach in Normandy in 1944. He was one of only four from his unit to survive. He later fought in Caen and the Falaise pocket in Normandy. Mr Billinge went on to raise tens of thousands of pounds for military charities in his late life. One of his daughters, Margot Billinge said on behalf of the family: “Harry was a very loving husband who always looked after mum. “He was steadfast in his love for her. “As a dad, he taught us great values: honesty, kindness, generosity and not to judge.”\n\nWar veteran Harry Billinge died earlier this month at 96 years old.\n\nMr Billinge’s coffin was taken through his hometown of St Austell in Cornwall.\n\nMs Billinge added: “Harry wanted future generations to never forget his comrades who fell in Normandy. “If members of the public would like to pay their respects to Harry, we ask that they become guardians of the British Normandy Memorial.” The army veteran spent over 60 years collecting for the Royal British Legion’s Poppy Appeal. He also helped raise more than £50,000 for the British Normandy Memorial and would make annual journeys to cemeteries of northern France. Mr Billinge was appointed an MBE in 2020 for his fundraising work. He dedicated the honour to the 22,442 service personnel killed on D-Day and during the Battle for Normandy. Speaking to the BBC in 2019, Mr Billinge said: “I'm no hero, I was lucky, I'm here. All the heroes are dead and I'll never forget them.” READ MORE: Dan Walker pays touching tribute to D-Day veteran Harry Billinge\n\nMilitary veterans carried Mr Billinge's coffin to the church in Charlestown.\n\nMr Billinge received an MBE in 2020 for his fundraising work.\n\nMourners lined the streets of St Austell on Tuesday as the funeral procession travelled through the town and past the war memorial at Holy Trinity Church. It then travelled to Charlestown, where a guard of honour lined the streets. Family, friends and fellow veterans turned out to remember Mr Billinge. A guard of honour lined the streets outside the church and standard bearers also attended the service. St Paul’s Church in Charlestown was full to capacity while the nearby church hall was also set up for 150 people to watch the service via video link. Revd Canon Bowers said: “He arranged this service only a few months ago when, I think, he realised his health was failing. “He faced death with the same bravery he showed on the Normandy beaches.”\n\nMr Billinge's coffin was carried into St Paul's Church in Charlestown.\n\nTrending", 'image': 'https://cdn.images.express.co.uk/img/dynamic/1/1200x712/1601587_1.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:15'}
{'title': 'Hundreds line streets for funeral of D-Day veteran Harry Billinge', 'keywords': ['line', 'normandy', 'harry', 'streets', 'funeral', 'veteran', 'billinge', 'mr', 'service', 'memorial', 'pa', 'dday', 'hundreds'], 'polarity': 0.1496, 'subjectivity': 0.3868, 'link': 'https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/nicholas-witchell-st-austell-church-british-mbe-b2065667.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:01', 'summary': 'Hundreds of people have flooded the streets of a Cornish town to pay their respects to the late D-Day veteran Harry Billinge.\nThe funeral of Mr Billinge, who died earlier this month aged 96, was held on Tuesday.\nMr Billinge was 18 when fought during D-Day on June 6 1944 (Family handout/PA) (PA Media)The year before, he told journalists: “I’m no hero, I’m lucky.\n“Harry Billinge wasn’t a large man physically but he had a huge heart, indomitable spirit and a captivating personality,” Mr Witchell said.\nIf members of the public would like to pay their respects to Harry, we ask that they become guardians of the British Normandy Memorial.', 'channel': 'independent.co.uk', 'text': 'Hundreds of people have flooded the streets of a Cornish town to pay their respects to the late D-Day veteran Harry Billinge.\n\nThe funeral of Mr Billinge, who died earlier this month aged 96, was held on Tuesday.\n\nMr Billinge was 18 when he was one of the first British soldiers to land on Gold Beach during the Normandy invasion in 1944.\n\nMr Billinge was one of only four survivors from his unit (Ben Birchall/PA) (PA Wire)\n\nA sapper, also known as a combat engineer, he was attached to the 44 Royal Engineer Commandos and was one of only four survivors from his unit.\n\nHe was honoured by a funeral procession, which passed the war memorial cross outside Holy Trinity Church in his home town of St Austell, and a guard of honour, which included standard bearers, and Requiem Mass at St Paul’s Church in nearby Charlestown.\n\nMr Billinge was made an MBE in 2020 after raising more than £50,000 to build a national memorial honouring his fallen comrades – the 22,442 service personnel killed on D-Day and during the Battle of Normandy.\n\nMr Billinge was 18 when fought during D-Day on June 6 1944 (Family handout/PA) (PA Media)\n\nThe year before, he told journalists: “I’m no hero, I’m lucky.\n\n“All the heroes are dead and I’ll never forget them.”\n\nMr Billinge was also fundraising for the Poppy Appeal for 65 years, long before he set his focus on the memorial project.\n\nHe was a well-known figure outside the Travelodge in St Austell where he would collect for his causes.\n\nDuring the hour-long service, led by the Rev Canon Malcolm Bowers, a eulogy was read by Nicholas Witchell, a journalist and founding trustee of the Normandy Memorial Trust.\n\n“Harry Billinge wasn’t a large man physically but he had a huge heart, indomitable spirit and a captivating personality,” Mr Witchell said.\n\n“He epitomised I think many of the best qualities of his remarkable generation. The generation who stepped forward to do its duty when the future of this country was at peril.”\n\nVeterans outside St Paul’s Church, Charlestown, where D-Day veteran Harry Billinge’s funeral was held (Ben Birchall/P) (PA Wire)\n\nMr Witchell continued: “Harry came home in 1945 bearing the mental scars of war, they were with him for many years.\n\n“And like many who have witnessed war at first hand – and how appalling we are seeing it again in Ukraine now – Harry knew there was nothing remotely romantic about it. Harry knew the reality.\n\n“’War is a terrible thing’ said Harry. And he knew just how terrible.”\n\nHe said Mr Billinge had an unwavering dedication to preserving the memory of his friends and that is how the two met in a shared desire to have a memorial built in Normandy for the British soldiers who had fallen there.\n\n“We, the Normandy Memorial Trust, had this most inspiring champion, a 90-something-year-old poster boy no less,” Mr Witchell said.\n\n“He was just a natural.\n\nMr Billinge’s family after for the funeral service for the 96-year-old (Ben Birchall/PA) (PA Wire)\n\n“People warmed to this wisp of a man with a winning smile, and his selfless commitment to honour the memory of his friends.\n\n“For Harry it was never about him, it was always about them.”\n\nMr Witchell said taking Mr Billinge to Normandy to see the memorial last year was an “emotional experience”, and revealed that the first thing he did was look for the names of friends and the soldiers he fought with.\n\n“Harry was a deeply spiritual man with an unyielding sense of what was right. Steadfast and true always. And that, I suggest, was a big part of his magic,” he said.\n\n“He had a wicked sense of fun but at his core was a set of unshakeable beliefs. One of those was to never forget the friends he left behind in Normandy in that summer of 1944.”\n\nThe coffin of 96-year-old Mr Billinge is carried out of St Paul’s Church in Charlestown, Cornwall (Ben Birchall/PA) (PA Wire)\n\nLet There Be Peace on Earth, a song singer and TV presenter Aled Jones recorded with Mr Billinge for his album Blessings in 2020, was played during the service.\n\nAfterwards, bugle call The Last Post was played and a moment of silence was observed.\n\nItems adorning Mr Billinge’s coffin included a bible, cross, poppy wreath, his picture, his Royal Engineers beret and a Union Jack pillow displaying his medals.\n\nThe Rev Canon Bowers said: “He arranged this service only a few months ago when, I think, he realised his health was failing.\n\nStandard-bearers at the funeral service (Ben Birchall/PA) (PA Wire)\n\n“He faced death with the same bravery he showed on the Normandy beaches.”\n\nHundreds attended to pay their respects to Mr Billinge, many gathering in St Austell and on the road outside the church in Charlestown.\n\nThere were cheers and applause when Mr Billinge’s coffin was carried out of the church, with the wake due to be held at St Austell Brewery.\n\nThe service was also livestreamed to a nearby community centre with seats for 120 people, and aired on speakers outside the church.\n\nMr Billinge grew up in Petts Wood in Kent but lived in Cornwall for 70 years after being advised to leave London for a better quality of life.\n\nHarry Billinge fundraising in St Austell High Street in Cornwall (Normandy Memorial Trust/PA) (PA Media)\n\nHe set up shop as a barber and became president of the local clubs for the Royal British Legion and Royal Engineers.\n\nThe veteran is survived by his wife Sheila, daughters Sally and Margot, son Christopher and granddaughters Amy and Claire.\n\nMr and Mrs Billinge were married for 67 years and were due to celebrate their 68th wedding anniversary in August.\n\nSix months ago, on October 26, he was able to visit Normandy to see a new memorial for fallen British soldiers.\n\nNicholas Witchell reads the Eulogy at the funeral service (Ben Birchall/PA) (PA Wire)\n\nIn a tribute published on Monday, his family urged those wanting to honour Mr Billinge to become guardians of the British Normandy Memorial.\n\nMargot Billinge said: “Harry was a very loving husband who always looked after mum. He was steadfast in his love for her.\n\n“As a dad, he taught us great values: honesty, kindness, generosity and not to judge.\n\n“Dad was always there to guide us. He was always a very charitable man and collected for the Poppy Appeal for over 65 years.\n\nMr and Mrs Billinge’s wedding day in 1954 (Family handout/PA) (PA Media)\n\n“When he got the brochure about the British Normandy Memorial in the post, he felt compelled to start collecting. In his efforts to raise money for the memorial, he found great peace.\n\n“The original idea was to collect £1 for each of his comrades that died on the beaches – 22,442. But, of course, it amounted to much more than that. It gave him a purpose; meeting with members of the public kept him going.\n\n“In an interview with the BBC a few years ago on Remembrance Sunday, I recall him saying he just wanted to be remembered as ‘a good old sapper who did his best’.\n\n“He also said: ‘I hope I shall live in the hearts of people who won’t forget Harry.’\n\n“Harry wanted future generations to never forget his comrades who fell in Normandy. If members of the public would like to pay their respects to Harry, we ask that they become guardians of the British Normandy Memorial.\n\n“We would very much like the work towards the Memorial and the education centre to continue in Harry’s name.”', 'image': 'https://static.independent.co.uk/2022/04/26/13/fa8636e70e329cf19bc2bb746a8f6dc0Y29udGVudHNlYXJjaGFwaSwxNjUxMDYyMTU2-2.66572564.jpg?quality=75&width=1200&auto=webp', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:01'}

{'title': 'Appeal after woman robbed in Peebles', 'keywords': ['information', 'improve', 'services', 'woman', 'cookieswe', 'scotland', 'possible', 'cookies', 'website', 'tell', 'work'], 'polarity': 0.0, 'subjectivity': 0.5, 'link': 'https://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2022/april/appeal-after-woman-robbed-in-peebles/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:03', 'summary': 'Tell us whether you accept cookiesWe use cookies to collect information about how you use the Police Scotland website.\nWe use this information to make the website work as well as possible and improve our services.', 'channel': 'scotland.police.uk', 'text': 'Tell us whether you accept cookies\n\nWe use cookies to collect information about how you use the Police Scotland website. We use this information to make the website work as well as possible and improve our services.', 'image': 'https://www.scotland.police.uk/spa-media/f2xhgoj5/recruitment-homepage.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:03'}
{'title': 'Further appeal for information relating to murder of Alistair Wilson', 'keywords': ['information', 'improve', 'services', 'cookieswe', 'possible', 'tell', 'cookies', 'website', 'wilson', 'murder', 'work'], 'polarity': 0.0, 'subjectivity': 0.5, 'link': 'https://www.scotland.police.uk/what-s-happening/news/2022/april/further-appeal-for-information-relating-to-murder-of-alistair-wilson/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:42', 'summary': 'Tell us whether you accept cookiesWe use cookies to collect information about how you use the Police Scotland website.\nWe use this information to make the website work as well as possible and improve our services.', 'channel': 'scotland.police.uk', 'text': 'Tell us whether you accept cookies\n\nWe use cookies to collect information about how you use the Police Scotland website. We use this information to make the website work as well as possible and improve our services.', 'image': 'https://www.scotland.police.uk/spa-media/f2xhgoj5/recruitment-homepage.png', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:42'}

{'title': 'Defence minister backs Ukraine striking Russian soil with British weapons', 'keywords': ['backs', 'heappey', 'minister', 'weapons', 'striking', 'used', 'world', 'ukrainians', 'soil', 'mr', 'told', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0003, 'subjectivity': 0.3334, 'link': 'https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/ukraine-british-times-radio-ministry-of-defence-kyiv-b2065471.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:52', 'summary': 'The UK’s armed forces minister has suggested it is “completely legitimate” for Ukraine to carry out strikes on military targets in Russian territory, including ammunition depots and fuel supplies.\nThe defence minister’s comments came as he dismissed Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov’s claims that Western allies are “pouring oil on the fire” by providing the government in Kyiv with firepower.\nDefence minister James Heappey (PA)Mr Heappey said “of course” the UK backs reported strikes on fuel depots in Russia.\nRussian foreign minister Mr Lavrov has warned that the threat of nuclear conflict “should not be under-estimated”.\nBut Mr Heappey told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme that the chances of nuclear warfare are “vanishingly small”.', 'channel': 'independent.co.uk', 'text': 'The UK’s armed forces minister has suggested it is “completely legitimate” for Ukraine to carry out strikes on military targets in Russian territory, including ammunition depots and fuel supplies.\n\nJames Heappey said it was “not necessarily a problem” if British-donated weapons are used to hit sites, insisting that if logistics aren’t disrupted they would “directly contribute to the death and carnage on Ukrainian soil”.\n\nThe defence minister’s comments came as he dismissed Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov’s claims that Western allies are “pouring oil on the fire” by providing the government in Kyiv with firepower.\n\nDefence minister James Heappey (PA)\n\nMr Heappey said “of course” the UK backs reported strikes on fuel depots in Russia.\n\nHe told Times Radio it is “completely legitimate for Ukraine to be targeting in Russia’s depth in order to disrupt the logistics that if they weren’t disrupted would directly contribute to death and carnage on Ukrainian soil”.\n\nAnd the minister said it is “not necessarily a problem” if British-donated weapons are used to hit sites on Russian soil after accepting that weapons now being supplied by allies to Ukraine have the range to be used over borders.\n\n“There are lots of countries around the world that operate kit that they have imported from other countries; when those bits of kit are used we tend not to blame the country that manufactured it, you blame the country that fired it,” he added.\n\nThe comments mark a further strengthening of the UK’s position, as allies shift from caution against antagonising President Vladimir Putin to supplying more and more lethal aid.\n\nRussian foreign minister Mr Lavrov has warned that the threat of nuclear conflict “should not be under-estimated”.\n\nHe accused Nato forces of “pouring oil on the fire” by providing weapons, as he warned against provoking “World War Three”.\n\nBut Mr Heappey told BBC Radio 4’s Today programme that the chances of nuclear warfare are “vanishingly small”.\n\nHe told Mr Lavrov to “reflect” on the reason there is a war in Ukraine being that Russia invaded, telling Sky News: “All of this noise from Moscow about somehow their attack on Ukraine being a response to Nato aggression is just utter, utter nonsense.”\n\nMr Heappey has said there is “every chance” that the Ukrainians will see off the Russians in the invasion, arguing that Moscow’s victory in the east of Ukraine is not inevitable.\n\n“We’ll see a conflict between two forces that are much more evenly balanced, where the Ukrainians have the advantage of defensive positions that have been dug in and prepared over the last eight years, and that’s going to make it an extraordinarily difficult nut for the Russians to crack,” he told Sky.\n\n“And with all the support that the Ukrainians are getting from around the world, there’s every chance the Ukrainians can see them off.”', 'image': 'https://static.independent.co.uk/2022/04/26/09/26084613-6e545108-1cda-4ee6-88da-d864dc5380fc.jpg?quality=75&width=1200&auto=webp', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:52'}
{'title': 'Minister backs Ukraine carrying out Russia strikes with British weapons', 'keywords': ['war', 'british', 'heappey', 'strikes', 'weapons', 'used', 'country', 'ukrainians', 'victory', 'russian'], 'polarity': 0.0281, 'subjectivity': 0.3454, 'link': 'https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2022/apr/26/britain-backs-ukraine-carrying-out-strikes-in-russia-says-minister', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:32', 'summary': 'The UK backs Ukrainian troops carrying out strikes in Russian territory, the armed forces minister has said, calling it “not necessarily a problem” if Ukraine uses weapons donated by Britain.\nJames Heappey said the UK believed it was “completely legitimate” for Ukraine to identify targets in Russia in order to disrupt attacks on Ukraine.\nResponding to the comments, Moscow warned Britain that if it continued to help Ukraine to strike targets in Russia then there would be an immediate “proportional response”.\nHe said it was “not necessarily a problem” if British-donated weapons were used to hit sites on Russian soil after accepting that weapons allies were supplying to Ukraine had the range to be used over borders.\nThe prime minister said that a war of attrition in Ukraine meant Russia could grind out an eventual victory and “the sad thing is that that is a realistic possibility”.', 'channel': 'theguardian.com', 'text': 'The UK backs Ukrainian troops carrying out strikes in Russian territory, the armed forces minister has said, calling it “not necessarily a problem” if Ukraine uses weapons donated by Britain.\n\nJames Heappey said the UK believed it was “completely legitimate” for Ukraine to identify targets in Russia in order to disrupt attacks on Ukraine.\n\nResponding to the comments, Moscow warned Britain that if it continued to help Ukraine to strike targets in Russia then there would be an immediate “proportional response”.\n\nHeappey told Times Radio: “Ukraine was a sovereign country that was living peacefully within its owner borders and then another country decided to violate those borders and bring 130,000 troops across into their country.\n\n“That started a war between Ukraine and Russia, and in war Ukraine needs to strike into its opponent’s depth to attack its logistics lines, its fuel supplies, its ammunition depots, and that’s part of it.”\n\nHe added that it was “completely legitimate for Ukraine to be targeting in Russia’s depth in order to disrupt the logistics that if they weren’t disrupted would directly contribute to death and carnage on Ukrainian soil”.\n\nHe said it was “not necessarily a problem” if British-donated weapons were used to hit sites on Russian soil after accepting that weapons allies were supplying to Ukraine had the range to be used over borders.\n\n“There are lots of countries around the world that operate kit that they have imported from other countries. When those bits of kit are used we tend not to blame [the country] that manufactured it, you blame the country that fired it.”\n\nHeappey said there was “every chance” the Ukrainians would be able to repel the Russian forces, a more optimistic tone than struck by Boris Johnson in India last week. The prime minister said that a war of attrition in Ukraine meant Russia could grind out an eventual victory and “the sad thing is that that is a realistic possibility”.\n\nSign up to First Edition, our free daily newsletter – every weekday morning at 7am\n\nHeappey said that in the east of the country the conflict would be between two forces that were “much more evenly balanced, where the Ukrainians have the advantage of defensive positions that have been dug in and prepared over the last eight years and that’s going to make it an extraordinarily difficult nut for the Russians to crack”.\n\n“And with all the support that the Ukrainians are getting from around the world, there’s every chance the Ukrainians can see them off,” he told Sky.\n\nSpeaking earlier on the BBC, Heappey said the Russian president, Vladimir Putin, was determined to claim some kind of victory before the 9 May victory parade, a time pressure he said would force errors by the Russians.\n\nHe said commanders would know it was “militarily unsound” to attempt to keep to a set date. “It is absolute folly to launch an offensive before you’ve massed all of your combat power and that they’re giving away whatever advantage they may have won and there’s been incredibly bad weather in the Donbas over the last week or two, which means the ground is not conducive right now to the manoeuvre of heavy army,” Heappey said.\n\n“Putin’s political pressure and the hubris that he’s shown, his desire to stand there on the steps of the Kremlin on 9 May and be a hero, means that thousands of Russian lives are going to be lost and the Russians are going to hand over the numerical advantage that they should have.”\n\n', 'image': 'https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/7d75cfa7e46f69d6e23a8599addfde8d1410fd92/0_69_3504_2103/master/3504.jpg?width=1200&height=630&quality=85&auto=format&fit=crop&overlay-align=bottom%2Cleft&overlay-width=100p&overlay-base64=L2ltZy9zdGF0aWMvb3ZlcmxheXMvdGctZGVmYXVsdC5wbmc&enable=upscale&s=00bc52cb3972a7e86fecf00aba9d071f', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:32'}

{'title': 'Global Insurance Third Party Administrator Market (2022 to 2027) - Featuring American International, Healthscope Benefits and Meritain Health Among Others', 'keywords': ['insurance', 'rest', 'party', 'matrix', 'international', 'healthscope', 'meritain', 'report', 'market', 'analysis', 'featuring', 'benefits', 'global', 'health', 'united', 'administrator'], 'polarity': 0.0802, 'subjectivity': 0.1839, 'link': 'https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/04/26/2428942/0/en/Global-Insurance-Third-Party-Administrator-Market-2022-to-2027-Featuring-American-International-Healthscope-Benefits-and-Meritain-Health-Among-Others.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:09', 'summary': 'The Global Insurance Third Party Administrator Market is estimated to be USD 304.1 Bn in 2022 and is expected to reach USD 408.68 Bn by 2027, growing at a CAGR of 6.09%.\nMarket DynamicsMarket dynamics are forces that impact the prices and behaviors of the Global Insurance Third Party Administrator Market stakeholders.\nAnsoff AnalysisThe report presents a detailed Ansoff matrix analysis for the Global Insurance Third Party Administrator Market.\nThe analyst analyses Global Insurance Third Party Administrator Market using the Ansoff Matrix to provide the best approaches a company can take to improve its market position.\nThe report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the Global Insurance Third Party Administrator Market.', 'channel': 'globenewswire.com', 'text': 'Dublin, April 26, 2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The "Global Insurance Third Party Administrator Market (2022-2027) by End-User, Service Type, Insurance Type, Geography, Competitive Analysis and the Impact of Covid-19 with Ansoff Analysis" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com\'s offering.\n\n\n\nThe Global Insurance Third Party Administrator Market is estimated to be USD 304.1 Bn in 2022 and is expected to reach USD 408.68 Bn by 2027, growing at a CAGR of 6.09%.\n\n\n\nMarket Dynamics\n\nMarket dynamics are forces that impact the prices and behaviors of the Global Insurance Third Party Administrator Market stakeholders. These forces create pricing signals which result from the changes in the supply and demand curves for a given product or service. Forces of Market Dynamics may be related to macro-economic and micro-economic factors. There are dynamic market forces other than price, demand, and supply. Human emotions can also drive decisions, influence the market, and create price signals.\n\n\n\nAs the market dynamics impact the supply and demand curves, decision-makers aim to determine the best way to use various financial tools to stem various strategies for speeding the growth and reducing the risks.\n\nCompany Profiles\n\nThe report provides a detailed analysis of the competitors in the market. It covers the financial performance analysis for the publicly listed companies in the market. The report also offers detailed information on the companies\' recent development and competitive scenario. Some of the companies covered in this report are - American International Group, Inc, Cannon Cochran Management Services Inc, Capital Group, etc.\n\n\n\nCountries Studied\n\nAmerica (Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia, Mexico, Peru, United States, Rest of - Americas)\n\nEurope (Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Russia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom, Rest of - Europe)\n\nMiddle-East and Africa (Egypt, Israel, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, United Arab Emirates, Rest of MEA.\n\nAsia-Pacific (Australia, Bangladesh, China, India, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, South Korea, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Taiwan, Rest of Asia-Pacific)\n\nCompetitive Quadrant\n\nThe report includes Competitive Quadrant, a proprietary tool to analyze and evaluate the position of companies based on their Industry Position score and Market Performance score. The tool uses various factors for categorizing the players into four categories. Some of these factors considered for analysis are financial performance over the last 3 years, growth strategies, innovation score, new product launches, investments, growth in market share, etc.\n\n\n\nAnsoff Analysis\n\nThe report presents a detailed Ansoff matrix analysis for the Global Insurance Third Party Administrator Market. Ansoff Matrix, also known as Product/Market Expansion Grid, is a strategic tool used to design strategies for the growth of the company. The matrix can be used to evaluate approaches in four strategies viz. Market Development, Market Penetration, Product Development and Diversification. The matrix is also used for risk analysis to understand the risk involved with each approach.\n\n\n\nThe analyst analyses Global Insurance Third Party Administrator Market using the Ansoff Matrix to provide the best approaches a company can take to improve its market position.\n\n\n\nBased on the SWOT analysis conducted on the industry and industry players, the analyst has devised suitable strategies for market growth.\n\n\n\nWhy buy this report?\n\nThe report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the Global Insurance Third Party Administrator Market. The report includes in-depth qualitative analysis, verifiable data from authentic sources, and projections about market size. The projections are calculated using proven research methodologies.\n\nThe report has been compiled through extensive primary and secondary research. The primary research is done through interviews, surveys, and observation of renowned personnel in the industry.\n\nThe report includes an in-depth market analysis using Porter\'s 5 forces model and the Ansoff Matrix. In addition, the impact of Covid-19 on the market is also featured in the report.\n\nThe report also includes the regulatory scenario in the industry, which will help you make a well-informed decision. The report discusses major regulatory bodies and major rules and regulations imposed on this sector across various geographies.\n\nThe report also contains the competitive analysis using Positioning Quadrants, the analyst\'s competitive positioning tool.\n\nKey Topics Covered:\n\n\n\n1 Report Description\n\n\n\n2 Research Methodology\n\n\n\n3 Executive Summary\n\n\n\n4 Market Dynamics\n\n4.1 Drivers\n\n4.1.1 Increased Risk of Non-Payment\n\n4.1.2 Increasing Digitization of Financial Services\n\n4.1.3 Increase in Business Operations\n\n4.1.4 Growth in Strict Terms and Conditions\n\n4.2 Restraints\n\n4.2.1 Complex Governing Rules\n\n4.2.2 Adds More Cost on Doing Business\n\n4.3 Opportunities\n\n4.3.1 Advancements in Technologies\n\n4.3.2 Demand for Customized Trade Services\n\n4.4 Challenges\n\n4.4.1 Fraud and Cyber Attacks Concerns\n\n\n\n5 Market Analysis\n\n5.1 Regulatory Scenario\n\n5.2 Porter\'s Five Forces Analysis\n\n5.3 Impact of COVID-19\n\n5.4 Ansoff Matrix Analysis\n\n\n\n6 Global Insurance Third Party Administrator Market, By End-User\n\n6.1 Introduction\n\n6.2 Life and Annuities Insurance\n\n6.2.1 Life Insurance\n\n6.2.2 Annuities Insurance\n\n6.3 P and C Insurance\n\n\n\n7 Global Insurance Third Party Administrator Market, By Service Type\n\n7.1 Introduction\n\n7.2 Claims Management\n\n7.3 Policy Management\n\n7.4 Commission Management\n\n7.5 Others\n\n\n\n8 Global Insurance Third Party Administrator Market, By Insurance Type\n\n8.1 Introduction\n\n8.2 Healthcare Providers\n\n8.3 Retirement Plans\n\n8.4 Commercial General Liability\n\n8.5 Other\n\n\n\n9 Americas\' Insurance Third Party Administrator Market\n\n9.1 Introduction\n\n9.2 Argentina\n\n9.3 Brazil\n\n9.4 Canada\n\n9.5 Chile\n\n9.6 Colombia\n\n9.7 Mexico\n\n9.8 Peru\n\n9.9 United States\n\n9.10 Rest of Americas\n\n\n\n10 Europe\'s Insurance Third Party Administrator Market\n\n10.1 Introduction\n\n10.2 Austria\n\n10.3 Belgium\n\n10.4 Denmark\n\n10.5 Finland\n\n10.6 France\n\n10.7 Germany\n\n10.8 Italy\n\n10.9 Netherlands\n\n10.10 Norway\n\n10.11 Poland\n\n10.12 Russia\n\n10.13 Spain\n\n10.14 Sweden\n\n10.15 Switzerland\n\n10.16 United Kingdom\n\n10.17 Rest of Europe\n\n\n\n11 Middle East and Africa\'s Insurance Third Party Administrator Market\n\n11.1 Introduction\n\n11.2 Egypt\n\n11.3 Israel\n\n11.4 Qatar\n\n11.5 Saudi Arabia\n\n11.6 South Africa\n\n11.7 United Arab Emirates\n\n11.8 Rest of MEA\n\n\n\n12 APAC\'s Insurance Third Party Administrator Market\n\n12.1 Introduction\n\n12.2 Australia\n\n12.3 Bangladesh\n\n12.4 China\n\n12.5 India\n\n12.6 Indonesia\n\n12.7 Japan\n\n12.8 Malaysia\n\n12.9 Philippines\n\n12.10 Singapore\n\n12.11 South Korea\n\n12.12 Sri Lanka\n\n12.13 Thailand\n\n12.14 Taiwan\n\n12.15 Rest of Asia-Pacific\n\n\n\n13 Competitive Landscape\n\n13.1 Competitive Quadrant\n\n13.2 Market Share Analysis\n\n13.3 Strategic Initiatives\n\n13.3.1 M&A and Investments\n\n13.3.2 Partnerships and Collaborations\n\n13.3.3 Product Developments and Improvements\n\n\n\n14 Company Profiles\n\n14.1 American International Group, Inc\n\n14.2 Cannon Cochran Management Services Inc\n\n14.3 Capital Group\n\n14.4 Charles Taylor General Agency, Inc\n\n14.5 Coresource Inc\n\n14.6 Corvel\n\n14.7 Crawford & Company\n\n14.8 East West Assist Insurance TPA Private Limited\n\n14.9 Ericson Insurance TPA Private Limited\n\n14.10 Exlservice Holdings, Inc\n\n14.11 Gallagher Bassett Services, Inc\n\n14.12 Healthscope Benefits, Inc\n\n14.13 HSBC Securities Services\n\n14.14 Meritain Health\n\n14.15 Northern Trust Corporation\n\n14.16 Sedgwick Claims Management Services Inc\n\n14.17 UMR Inc\n\n14.18 United Health Care Parekh Insurance TPA Private Limited\n\n14.19 United Healthcare Services, Inc\n\n15 Appendix\n\n\n\nFor more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/2dibqw\n\nAttachment', 'image': 'https://ml.globenewswire.com/Resource/Download/908fb457-7f8e-4a08-9081-5565e3dfb3d7?size=1', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:09'}
{'title': 'Global Travel Insurance Market (2022 to 2027) - Featuring Allianz, AXA and USI Insurance Services Among Others', 'keywords': ['insurance', 'allianz', 'matrix', 'axa', 'report', 'services', 'market', 'usi', 'featuring', 'analysis', 'global', 'rest', 'competitive', 'company', 'travel'], 'polarity': 0.088, 'subjectivity': 0.194, 'link': 'https://www.globenewswire.com/news-release/2022/04/26/2428935/0/en/Global-Travel-Insurance-Market-2022-to-2027-Featuring-Allianz-AXA-and-USI-Insurance-Services-Among-Others.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:17', 'summary': 'The Global Travel Insurance Market is estimated to be USD 19.75 Bn in 2022 and is expected to reach USD 44.35 Bn by 2027, growing at a CAGR of 17.56%.\nMarket DynamicsMarket dynamics are forces that impact the prices and behaviors of the Global Travel Insurance Market stakeholders.\nAnsoff AnalysisThe report presents a detailed Ansoff matrix analysis for the Global Travel Insurance Market.\nThe analyst analyses Global Travel Insurance Market using the Ansoff Matrix to provide the best approaches a company can take to improve its market position.\nThe report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the Global Travel Insurance Market.', 'channel': 'globenewswire.com', 'text': 'Dublin, April 26, 2022 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- The "Global Travel Insurance Market (2022-2027) by Type, Distribution, End-User, Geography, Competitive Analysis and the Impact of Covid-19 with Ansoff Analysis" report has been added to ResearchAndMarkets.com\'s offering.\n\n\n\nThe Global Travel Insurance Market is estimated to be USD 19.75 Bn in 2022 and is expected to reach USD 44.35 Bn by 2027, growing at a CAGR of 17.56%.\n\n\n\nMarket Dynamics\n\nMarket dynamics are forces that impact the prices and behaviors of the Global Travel Insurance Market stakeholders. These forces create pricing signals which result from the changes in the supply and demand curves for a given product or service. Forces of Market Dynamics may be related to macro-economic and micro-economic factors. There are dynamic market forces other than price, demand, and supply. Human emotions can also drive decisions, influence the market, and create price signals.\n\n\n\nAs the market dynamics impact the supply and demand curves, decision-makers aim to determine the best way to use various financial tools to stem various strategies for speeding the growth and reducing the risks.\n\nCompany Profiles\n\nThe report provides a detailed analysis of the competitors in the market. It covers the financial performance analysis for the publicly listed companies in the market. The report also offers detailed information on the companies\' recent development and competitive scenario. Some of the companies covered in this report are Allianz Group, Aviva Plc, Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance Company, Munich Reinsurance Company, Travelsafe Insurance, etc.\n\n\n\nCountries Studied\n\nAmerica (Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia, Mexico, Peru, United States, Rest of - Americas)\n\nEurope (Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Russia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, United Kingdom, Rest of - Europe)\n\nMiddle-East and Africa (Egypt, Israel, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, United Arab Emirates, Rest of MEA.\n\nAsia-Pacific (Australia, Bangladesh, China, India, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, South Korea, Sri Lanka, Thailand, Taiwan, Rest of Asia-Pacific)\n\nCompetitive Quadrant\n\nThe report includes Competitive Quadrant, a proprietary tool to analyze and evaluate the position of companies based on their Industry Position score and Market Performance score. The tool uses various factors for categorizing the players into four categories. Some of these factors considered for analysis are financial performance over the last 3 years, growth strategies, innovation score, new product launches, investments, growth in market share, etc.\n\n\n\nAnsoff Analysis\n\nThe report presents a detailed Ansoff matrix analysis for the Global Travel Insurance Market. Ansoff Matrix, also known as Product/Market Expansion Grid, is a strategic tool used to design strategies for the growth of the company. The matrix can be used to evaluate approaches in four strategies viz. Market Development, Market Penetration, Product Development and Diversification. The matrix is also used for risk analysis to understand the risk involved with each approach.\n\n\n\nThe analyst analyses Global Travel Insurance Market using the Ansoff Matrix to provide the best approaches a company can take to improve its market position.\n\n\n\nBased on the SWOT analysis conducted on the industry and industry players, the analyst has devised suitable strategies for market growth.\n\n\n\nWhy buy this report?\n\nThe report offers a comprehensive evaluation of the Global Travel Insurance Market. The report includes in-depth qualitative analysis, verifiable data from authentic sources, and projections about market size. The projections are calculated using proven research methodologies.\n\nThe report has been compiled through extensive primary and secondary research. The primary research is done through interviews, surveys, and observation of renowned personnel in the industry.\n\nThe report includes an in-depth market analysis using Porter\'s 5 forces model and the Ansoff Matrix. In addition, the impact of Covid-19 on the market is also featured in the report.\n\nThe report also includes the regulatory scenario in the industry, which will help you make a well-informed decision. The report discusses major regulatory bodies and major rules and regulations imposed on this sector across various geographies.\n\nThe report also contains the competitive analysis using Positioning Quadrants, the analyst\'s competitive positioning tool.\n\nReport Highlights:\n\nA complete analysis of the market, including the parent industry\n\nImportant market dynamics and trends\n\nMarket segmentation\n\nHistorical, current, and projected size of the market based on value and volume\n\nMarket shares and strategies of key players\n\nRecommendations to companies for strengthening their foothold in the market\n\nKey Topics Covered:\n\n\n\n1 Report Description\n\n\n\n2 Research Methodology\n\n\n\n3 Executive Summary\n\n\n\n4 Market Dynamics\n\n4.1 Drivers\n\n4.1.1 Increase in Tourisum\n\n4.1.2 High Cost of Medical Treatment Overseas\n\n4.1.3 Mandate Travel Insurance in Some Countries\n\n4.1.4 Rising Demand for Reimbursement of Expenditures\n\n4.1.5 Increase in Mobile-Based Payment and Internet Banking\n\n4.2 Restraints\n\n4.2.1 Varied Insurance Regulations across the Globe\n\n4.2.2 Low Clarity Of The Travel Insurance Commitments\n\n4.3 Opportunities\n\n4.3.1 Incorporating Digital Tools by Insurance Market Players\n\n4.3.2 Supportive Initiatives by Government\n\n4.4 Challenges\n\n4.4.1 Lack of Awareness Regarding Travel Insurance Policy\n\n4.4.2 Cyber Security Concerns\n\n\n\n5 Market Analysis\n\n5.1 Regulatory Scenario\n\n5.2 Porter\'s Five Forces Analysis\n\n5.3 Impact of COVID-19\n\n5.4 Ansoff Matrix Analysis\n\n\n\n6 Global Travel Insurance Market, By Type\n\n6.1 Introduction\n\n6.2 Single-Trip Travel Insurance\n\n6.3 Annual Multi-Trip Travel Insurance\n\n6.4 Long- Stay Travel Insurance\n\n\n\n7 Global Travel Insurance Market, By Distribution\n\n7.1 Introduction\n\n7.2 Insurance Intermediaries\n\n7.3 Insurance Companies\n\n7.4 Banks\n\n7.5 Insurance Brokers and Aggregators\n\n\n\n8 Global Travel Insurance Market, By End-User\n\n8.1 Introduction\n\n8.2 Educational Travel\n\n8.3 Business Travelers\n\n8.4 Family Travelers\n\n8.5 Senior Citizen\n\n8.6 Others\n\n\n\n9 Americas\' Travel Insurance Market\n\n9.1 Introduction\n\n9.2 Argentina\n\n9.3 Brazil\n\n9.4 Canada\n\n9.5 Chile\n\n9.6 Colombia\n\n9.7 Mexico\n\n9.8 Peru\n\n9.9 United States\n\n9.10 Rest of Americas\n\n\n\n10 Europe\'s Travel Insurance Market\n\n10.1 Introduction\n\n10.2 Austria\n\n10.3 Belgium\n\n10.4 Denmark\n\n10.5 Finland\n\n10.6 France\n\n10.7 Germany\n\n10.8 Italy\n\n10.9 Netherlands\n\n10.10 Norway\n\n10.11 Poland\n\n10.12 Russia\n\n10.13 Spain\n\n10.14 Sweden\n\n10.15 Switzerland\n\n10.16 United Kingdom\n\n10.17 Rest of Europe\n\n\n\n11 Middle East and Africa\'s Travel Insurance Market\n\n11.1 Introduction\n\n11.2 Egypt\n\n11.3 Israel\n\n11.4 Qatar\n\n11.5 Saudi Arabia\n\n11.6 South Africa\n\n11.7 United Arab Emirates\n\n11.8 Rest of MEA\n\n\n\n12 APAC\'s Travel Insurance Market\n\n12.1 Introduction\n\n12.2 Australia\n\n12.3 Bangladesh\n\n12.4 China\n\n12.5 India\n\n12.6 Indonesia\n\n12.7 Japan\n\n12.8 Malaysia\n\n12.9 Philippines\n\n12.10 Singapore\n\n12.11 South Korea\n\n12.12 Sri Lanka\n\n12.13 Thailand\n\n12.14 Taiwan\n\n12.15 Rest of Asia-Pacific\n\n\n\n13 Competitive Landscape\n\n13.1 Competitive Quadrant\n\n13.2 Market Share Analysis\n\n13.3 Strategic Initiatives\n\n13.3.1 M&A and Investments\n\n13.3.2 Partnerships and Collaborations\n\n13.3.3 Product Developments and Improvements\n\n\n\n14 Company Profiles\n\n14.1 Allianz Group\n\n14.2 American Express Company\n\n14.3 American International Group Inc.\n\n14.4 Assicurazioni Generali S.P.A.\n\n14.5 Atlas Travel Insurance Services Ltd\n\n14.6 Aviva Plc\n\n14.7 AXA S.A\n\n14.8 Bajaj Finserv Limited\n\n14.9 Battleface Insurance Services Ltd\n\n14.10 Berkshire Hathaway Specialty Insurance Company\n\n14.11 China Life Insurance Company Limited.\n\n14.12 China Pacific Life Insurance Co. Ltd\n\n14.13 Chubb Limited\n\n14.14 Mapfre Insurance Company Inc.\n\n14.15 Ms&Ad Insurance Group Holdings, Inc\n\n14.16 Munich Reinsurance Company\n\n14.17 Ping An Insurance Company Of China, Ltd.\n\n14.18 Prudential Financial Inc.\n\n14.19 Saga Plc\n\n14.20 Seven Corners Inc.\n\n14.21 Travelex Insurance Services\n\n14.22 Travelsafe Insurance\n\n14.23 USI Insurance Services\n\n14.24 Zurich Insurance Co. Limited\n\n\n\n15 Appendix\n\n\n\nFor more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/r/p5b9kv\n\nAttachment', 'image': 'https://ml.globenewswire.com/Resource/Download/908fb457-7f8e-4a08-9081-5565e3dfb3d7?size=1', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:17'}

{'title': "UK's ‘Self-Lacerating Classes' Should Be More Confident: Australian Diplomat", 'keywords': ['small', 'china', 'britain', 'lot', 'foreign', 'australian', 'stand', 'world', 'selflacerating', 'think', 'trading'], 'polarity': 0.1415, 'subjectivity': 0.4552, 'link': 'https://www.theepochtimes.com/uks-self-lacerating-classes-should-be-more-confident-australian-diplomat_4428683.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:46', 'summary': 'Australian High Commissioner George Brandis (right), speaking to Health Secretary Sajid Javid on Sept. 3, 2021.\n(Department of Health and Social Care via PA)UK’s ‘Self-Lacerating Classes’ Should Be More Confident: Australian DiplomatBritain should be more confident and stop “self-lacerating”, the outgoing Australian High Commissioner has said.\nGeorge Brandis, who has been Australia’s representative in London since 2018, said the UK was much more highly respected around the world than many in Britain realised.\nHe told an event hosted by the British Foreign Policy Group think tank on Tuesday: “Britain has a lot of moral authority in far away places.\nHe said: “There is a large element of the Whitehall establishment that is still hesitant about being too front-footed in relation to China because of concerns about trade.', 'channel': 'theepochtimes.com', 'text': 'Australian High Commissioner George Brandis (right), speaking to Health Secretary Sajid Javid on Sept. 3, 2021. (Department of Health and Social Care via PA)\n\nUK’s ‘Self-Lacerating Classes’ Should Be More Confident: Australian Diplomat\n\nBritain should be more confident and stop “self-lacerating”, the outgoing Australian High Commissioner has said.\n\nGeorge Brandis, who has been Australia’s representative in London since 2018, said the UK was much more highly respected around the world than many in Britain realised.\n\nHe told an event hosted by the British Foreign Policy Group think tank on Tuesday: “Britain has a lot of moral authority in far away places.\n\n“One thing that rather bothers me is that there are some in the commentariat, possibly some even in the Foreign Office, who are almost guilty about Britain’s imperial past and therefore think notions like the Commonwealth should be uttered sotto voce.\n\n“Could I tell you that among the small island states of the south-west Pacific, Britain is loved, the Queen is loved, all of the majesty of the British state is admired in those small nations which are now a very critical part of the world because they’re an object of Chinese ambition.\n\n“Britain should not underestimate its soft power in a lot of the small Commonwealth nations as the nation whose head of state is the head of the Commonwealth, and nowhere is that more so than in the south-west Pacific.”\n\nHe added: “I just wish that the self-lacerating classes in Britain would realise that the world respects their own country a lot more than a lot of them do.”\n\nBrandis’ term as High Commissioner has covered the negotiation of a free trade agreement with Australia and the announcement of the AUKUS pact on military cooperation.\n\nBut he claimed a UK cabinet member had told him the most important thing Australia had done for Britain during that time was “to alert us to the real nature of China”.\n\nBrandis urged the UK to be less worried about trade in its dealings with China, pointing out that it remained Australia’s largest trading partner despite Canberra’s tougher stance towards Beijing.\n\nHe said: “There is a large element of the Whitehall establishment that is still hesitant about being too front-footed in relation to China because of concerns about trade.\n\n“I understand that, but I remind those people that even though Australia has been more forward than the United Kingdom has been in defending liberal democratic values and in doing so attracted a lot of criticism from China, China remains our largest trading partner by far.\n\n“I don’t think that’s fully appreciated by important elements of your foreign policy establishment and foreign policy makers that it’s possible to stand up for yourself as a liberal democracy and stand up for other liberal democracies, stand up for the rule of international law in places like the South China Sea and still have a lucrative trading relationship with China.”', 'image': 'https://img.theepochtimes.com/assets/uploads/2022/04/1.2.62159629.jpg-1200x800.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:46'}
{'title': "UK's ‘self-lacerating classes' should be more confident: Australian diplomat", 'keywords': ['small', 'britain', 'confident', 'lot', 'foreign', 'classes', 'australian', 'stand', 'uks', 'world', 'selflacerating', 'diplomat', 'think', 'trading'], 'polarity': 0.1399, 'subjectivity': 0.4641, 'link': 'https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/australia-china-boris-johnson-commonwealth-london-b2065875.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:09', 'summary': 'Britain should be more confident and stop “self-lacerating”, the outgoing Australian High Commissioner has said.\nGeorge Brandis, who has been Australia’s representative in London since 2018, said the UK was much more highly respected around the world than many in Britain realised.\nHe told an event hosted by the British Foreign Policy Group think tank on Tuesday: “Britain has a lot of moral authority in far away places.\nMr Brandis urged the UK to be less worried about trade in its dealings with China, pointing out that it remained Australia’s largest trading partner despite Canberra’s tougher stance towards Beijing.\nHe said: “There is a large element of the Whitehall establishment that is still hesitant about being too front-footed in relation to China because of concerns about trade.', 'channel': 'independent.co.uk', 'text': 'Britain should be more confident and stop “self-lacerating”, the outgoing Australian High Commissioner has said.\n\nGeorge Brandis, who has been Australia’s representative in London since 2018, said the UK was much more highly respected around the world than many in Britain realised.\n\nHe told an event hosted by the British Foreign Policy Group think tank on Tuesday: “Britain has a lot of moral authority in far away places.\n\n“One thing that rather bothers me is that there are some in the commentariat, possibly some even in the Foreign Office, who are almost guilty about Britain’s imperial past and therefore think notions like the Commonwealth should be uttered sotto voce.\n\n“Could I tell you that among the small island states of the south-west Pacific, Britain is loved, the Queen is loved, all of the majesty of the British state is admired in those small nations which are now a very critical part of the world because they’re an object of Chinese ambition.\n\n“Britain should not underestimate its soft power in a lot of the small Commonwealth nations as the nation whose head of state is the head of the Commonwealth, and nowhere is that more so than in the south-west Pacific.”\n\nHe added: “I just wish that the self-lacerating classes in Britain would realise that the world respects their own country a lot more than a lot of them do.”\n\nPrime Minister Boris Johnson with Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison in the garden of 10 Downing Street (Dominic Lipinski/PA) (PA Archive)\n\nMr Brandis’ term as High Commissioner has covered the negotiation of a free trade agreement with Australia and the announcement of the AUKUS pact on military cooperation.\n\nBut he claimed a UK cabinet member had told him the most important thing Australia had done for Britain during that time was “to alert us to the real nature of China”.\n\nMr Brandis urged the UK to be less worried about trade in its dealings with China, pointing out that it remained Australia’s largest trading partner despite Canberra’s tougher stance towards Beijing.\n\nHe said: “There is a large element of the Whitehall establishment that is still hesitant about being too front-footed in relation to China because of concerns about trade.\n\n“I understand that, but I remind those people that even though Australia has been more forward than the United Kingdom has been in defending liberal democratic values and in doing so attracted a lot of criticism from China, China remains our largest trading partner by far.\n\n“I don’t think that’s fully appreciated by important elements of your foreign policy establishment and foreign policy makers that it’s possible to stand up for yourself as a liberal democracy and stand up for other liberal democracies, stand up for the rule of international law in places like the South China Sea and still have a lucrative trading relationship with China.”', 'image': 'https://static.independent.co.uk/2022/04/26/16/63339ee7ab807f496145f65a59e51b3cY29udGVudHNlYXJjaGFwaSwxNjUxMDcyOTQx-2.62159629.jpg?quality=75&width=1200&auto=webp', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:59:09'}

{'title': "Scotland drives innovation with UK's first full-sized autonomous bus", 'keywords': ['fullsized', 'testing', 'autonomous', 'onroad', 'project', 'service', 'uks', 'vehicle', 'driver', 'buses'], 'polarity': 0.1937, 'subjectivity': 0.3916, 'link': 'https://eandt.theiet.org/content/articles/2022/04/scotland-drives-innovation-with-uk-s-first-full-sized-autonomous-bus/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:00', 'summary': 'On-road testing for "the world\'s most complex and ambitious autonomous vehicle programme" has begun in Scotland.\nThe UK\'s first fully sized autonomous vehicle of its kind has taken to the Scottish roads.\nStagecoach will be carrying out on-road testing of five full-sized driverless buses from Monday, as the company prepares to launch a passenger service later this summer.\n“This is a major step forward in our journey to fully launch the UK’s first full-sized autonomous bus service and will provide easy access to a brand-new bus route in the heart of Scotland,” said Sam Greer, regional director of the company in Scotland.\nThe on-road testing in Scotland follows successful depot-based trials, track testing and virtual simulation which Stagecoach said put the autonomous buses through their paces to fine-tune the drive systems.', 'channel': 'eandt.theiet.org', 'text': 'On-road testing for "the world\'s most complex and ambitious autonomous vehicle programme" has begun in Scotland.\n\nThe UK\'s first fully sized autonomous vehicle of its kind has taken to the Scottish roads.\n\nStagecoach will be carrying out on-road testing of five full-sized driverless buses from Monday, as the company prepares to launch a passenger service later this summer.\n\n“This is a major step forward in our journey to fully launch the UK’s first full-sized autonomous bus service and will provide easy access to a brand-new bus route in the heart of Scotland,” said Sam Greer, regional director of the company in Scotland.\n\nThe CAVForth pilot will take place over the Forth Road Bridge between Ferrytoll Park and Ride in Fife and the Edinburgh Park train and tram interchange.\n\nOnce the service is live, the buses are expected to provide a service capable of carrying up to 36 passengers 14 miles across the bridge, with a capacity of 10,000 passengers a week. Each vehicle will carry an experienced safety driver and a bus captain, tasked with talking to customers about the service and answering their questions.\n\nThe project has been developed as a partnership between Stagecoach, Fusion Processing, Alexander Dennis and Transport Scotland, with financial backing from the UK Government’s Centre for Connected and Autonomous Vehicles.\n\nJim Hutchinson, chief executive of Fusion Processing, said he was “delighted to be leading the world’s most complex and ambitious autonomous vehicle programme.”\n\nThe autonomous bus market has been increasingly attracting attention over the past few years, and it is expected to grow by 1990 units during 2021-2025, at an annual growth rate of 27 per cent. The on-road testing in Scotland follows successful depot-based trials, track testing and virtual simulation which Stagecoach said put the autonomous buses through their paces to fine-tune the drive systems.\n\nThere are six levels of driving, as defined by the Society of Automotive Engineers. The buses being tested will operate at level four, meaning no driver attention is required for safety but self-driving is only supported in limited areas or circumstances. Outside these, the driver must intervene.\n\n“As we move towards passenger services later in the year, the project will be a landmark demonstration of future technologies in transport,” said Chris Gall, group engineering director of Alexander Dennis.\n\nStagecoach expects the project to demonstrate what a future service might feel like when the staff member is able to leave the cab while the computer does the driving.', 'image': 'https://eandt.theiet.org/media/18178/chuttersnap-kq8iwoh5-mu-unsplash.png?crop=0,0.41375000000000006,0,0.094062499999999841&cropmode=percentage&width=1200&height=450&rnd=132953605560000000', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:00'}
{'title': "UK's First Full-Sized Autonomous Bus Takes to Scotland's Roads", 'keywords': ['fullsized', 'testing', 'driving', 'service', 'uks', 'vehicle', 'driver', 'passengers', 'scotlands'], 'polarity': 0.2605, 'subjectivity': 0.4631, 'link': 'https://www.theepochtimes.com/uks-first-full-sized-autonomous-bus-takes-to-scotlands-roads_4425049.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:04', 'summary': "Undated handout photo issued by Stagecoach of Scotland's newest bus which will be driving itself as it becomes the UK's first full-sized autonomous vehicle of its kind to take to the roads.\n(Stagecoach/PA)UK’s First Full-Sized Autonomous Bus Takes to Scotland’s RoadsScotland’s newest bus will be driving itself as it becomes the UK’s first full-sized autonomous vehicle of its kind to take to the roads.\nStagecoach will be carrying out on-road testing of its self-driving bus from Monday in preparation of passengers stepping aboard later this summer.\nSam Greer, regional director of the company in Scotland, hailed it as a “hugely exciting project.”“This is a major step forward in our journey to fully launch the UK’s first full-sized autonomous bus service and will provide easy access to a brand-new bus route in the heart of Scotland,” he said.\nThe buses are stuffed full of sensors that enable them to run on pre-selected roads without the safety driver having to intervene or take control.", 'channel': 'theepochtimes.com', 'text': "Undated handout photo issued by Stagecoach of Scotland's newest bus which will be driving itself as it becomes the UK's first full-sized autonomous vehicle of its kind to take to the roads. (Stagecoach/PA)\n\nUK’s First Full-Sized Autonomous Bus Takes to Scotland’s Roads\n\nScotland’s newest bus will be driving itself as it becomes the UK’s first full-sized autonomous vehicle of its kind to take to the roads.\n\nStagecoach will be carrying out on-road testing of its self-driving bus from Monday in preparation of passengers stepping aboard later this summer.\n\nSam Greer, regional director of the company in Scotland, hailed it as a “hugely exciting project.”\n\n“This is a major step forward in our journey to fully launch the UK’s first full-sized autonomous bus service and will provide easy access to a brand-new bus route in the heart of Scotland,” he said.\n\nThe CAVForth pilot will see five single-deck autonomous buses operating over the Forth Road Bridge between Ferrytoll Park and Ride in Fife and the Edinburgh Park train and tram interchange.\n\nThe buses are stuffed full of sensors that enable them to run on pre-selected roads without the safety driver having to intervene or take control.\n\nWhen operational to passengers, the buses will provide a service capable of carrying up to 36 passengers 14 miles across the bridge, with a capacity of 10,000 passengers a week.\n\nStagecoach is partnering with Fusion Processing, Alexander Dennis, and Transport Scotland for the project, and the scheme has won the financial support of the UK government’s Centre for Connected and Autonomous Vehicles.\n\nJim Hutchinson, chief executive of Fusion Processing, said he was “delighted to be leading the world’s most complex and ambitious autonomous vehicle programme.”\n\n“CAVForth will provide a useful service to local people as well as being a great demonstration of Fusion’s automated vehicle technology,” he said.\n\n“On-road testing is an exciting milestone in the development of autonomous commercial vehicles and we look forward to welcoming passengers onboard in a few months’ time.”\n\nThe on-road testing in Scotland follows successful depot-based trials, track testing, and virtual simulation which Stagecoach said put the autonomous buses through their paces to fine-tune the drive systems.\n\nWhen fully operational in the summer, each bus will have an experienced driver monitoring the system alongside a bus captain who will move around the vehicle and talk to customers about the service.\n\nStagecoach said this would demonstrate what a future service might feel like when the staff member is able to leave the cab while the computer does the driving.\n\nThere are six levels of driving automation, with zero to two meaning a driver must constantly supervise and is always driving, while three to five allows the vehicle to drive itself.\n\nAble to operate at a SAE (Society of Automotive Engineers) level four, it means no driver attention is required for safety but self-driving is only supported in limited areas or circumstances.\n\nOutside these, the driver must intervene.\n\nChris Gall, group engineering director of Alexander Dennis, said the start of on-route testing was a “milestone for our autonomous bus project.”\n\n“As we move towards passenger services later in the year, the project will be a landmark demonstration of future technologies in transport.”", 'image': 'https://img.theepochtimes.com/assets/uploads/2022/04/1.9e1426e3-eded-44be-a616-a6701c0124e9-1.jpg-1-1200x800.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:04'}

{'title': 'Covid Scotland: Lockdowns could be responsible for surge of hepatitis in children', 'keywords': ['signs', 'including', 'adenovirus', 'cases', 'infection', 'virus', 'symptoms', 'leading'], 'polarity': 0.0392, 'subjectivity': 0.394, 'link': 'https://www.scotsman.com/health/covid-scotland-lockdowns-could-be-responsible-for-surge-of-hepatitis-in-children-3669273', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:30', 'summary': 'Since the start of the year, 111 children have required hospital care for liver inflammation (hepatitis), with the majority of cases occurring among children under the age of five.\nParents have been urged to be alert to the signs and symptoms of hepatitis, including jaundice.\n"Parents and guardians should be alert to the signs of hepatitis, including jaundice, and to contact a healthcare professional if they are concerned.\nNormal hygiene measures such as thorough hand washing, including supervising children, and good thorough respiratory hygiene help to reduce the spread of many common infections, including adenovirus.\n"Children experiencing symptoms of a gastrointestinal infection including vomiting and diarrhoea should stay at home and not return to school or nursery until 48 hours after the symptoms have stopped."', 'channel': 'scotsman.com', 'text': 'Health officials are urgently investigating the rise in cases which has led to more than 100 children needing hospital care and liver transplants for 10 British children.\n\nSince the start of the year, 111 children have required hospital care for liver inflammation (hepatitis), with the majority of cases occurring among children under the age of five.\n\nSign up to our public interest bulletins - get the latest news on the Coronavirus Sign up now Thanks for signing up! Sorry, there seem to be some issues. Please try again later. Submitting...\n\nThe leading line of inquiry is that the cases are being fuelled by a common virus called the adenovirus.\n\nThis virus usually causes mild illnesses including stomach upsets and colds.\n\nBut one theory is that the virus is leading to more severe illness among some children due to "susceptibility, for example due to lack of prior exposure during the pandemic", according to a technical briefing from the UK Health Security Agency (UKHSA).\n\nOf 53 cases tested, 40 (75%) showed signs of adenovirus infection.\n\nRoutine NHS and laboratory data show that common viruses circulating in children are currently higher than in previous years and there is a marked increase of adenovirus, particular in the one to four age group, the UKHSA said.\n\nThe surge in cases of hepatitis has puzzled doctors so far.\n\nOther avenues being explored include whether a prior Covid infection followed by an adenovirus infection could be leading to more severe cases or co-infection with the two viruses.\n\nExperts are also examining other possible causes including a new variant of adenovirus; potential exposure to drugs, toxins or environmental factors; a new type of infection; or a new variant of the virus which causes Covid.\n\nCovid-19 vaccination is not a contributing factor as none of the cases investigated so far have been vaccinated.\n\nOf the confirmed cases, 81 live in England, 14 are in Scotland, 11 are in Wales and five are in Northern Ireland.\n\nThe cases are predominantly in children under five who showed initial symptoms of diarrhoea and nausea followed by jaundice.\n\nParents have been urged to be alert to the signs and symptoms of hepatitis, including jaundice.\n\nDr Meera Chand, director of clinical and emerging infections at UKHSA, said: "Information gathered through our investigations increasingly suggests that this rise in sudden onset hepatitis in children is linked to adenovirus infection. However, we are thoroughly investigating other potential causes.\n\n"Parents and guardians should be alert to the signs of hepatitis, including jaundice, and to contact a healthcare professional if they are concerned. Normal hygiene measures such as thorough hand washing, including supervising children, and good thorough respiratory hygiene help to reduce the spread of many common infections, including adenovirus.\n\n"Children experiencing symptoms of a gastrointestinal infection including vomiting and diarrhoea should stay at home and not return to school or nursery until 48 hours after the symptoms have stopped."\n\nAccording to the World Health Organisation (WHO), as of April 21, 169 cases of acute hepatitis of unknown origin have been reported from 11 countries in Europe and America, while one person has died.', 'image': 'https://www.scotsman.com/webimg/b25lY21zOjg1YTIxNDAwLWM0OGUtNDQ5Ni05MmE3LTYzMDUxZTAzNjhjMTpjMzUzMDI2MS1kMTI2LTRmNzUtODc4OS0wMzgwOWNiZTMyYTk=.jpg?width=2048&enable=upscale', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:30'}
{'title': 'One child dies in mysterious hepatitis outbreak as parents urged to be vigilant for signs', 'keywords': ['hepatitis', 'inflammation', 'viruses', 'urged', 'including', 'outbreak', 'adenovirus', 'covid', 'mysterious', 'liver', 'parents', 'infection', 'child', 'vigilant', 'symptoms', 'children'], 'polarity': 0.0208, 'subjectivity': 0.4097, 'link': 'https://www.thesun.co.uk/health/18363412/hepatitis-warning-signs-child-dies/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:19', 'summary': 'A CHILD has died in the mysterious hepatitis outbreak - with parents urged to watch out for warning signs.\nDozens of kids between one month and 16 years old have been struck down with liver inflammation in 12 countries.\nIn kids they generally spark a mild illness, with liver inflammation (hepatitis) rare in healthy youngsters.\nOther avenues are also being investigated, such as another infection including Covid, or an environmental cause.\n"Sudden onset hepatitis may also be caused by a combination of insults to the liver, including viruses, toxins or drug treatments.', 'channel': 'thesun.co.uk', 'text': 'A CHILD has died in the mysterious hepatitis outbreak - with parents urged to watch out for warning signs.\n\nDozens of kids between one month and 16 years old have been struck down with liver inflammation in 12 countries.\n\n1 A child has now died after a mystery disease has spread throughout the world Credit: Getty - Contributor\n\nIt is not know where the youngster tragically died, with the World Health Organisation only confirming the death in a report on the puzzling outbreak.\n\nAs numbers have risen in recent weeks, there have been 17 children who have become so ill they need a liver transplant.\n\nThe UK has born the brunt of the cases so far, seeing 114 out of the global 169.\n\nThe US, Spain, Israel, Denmark, Ireland, the Netherlands, Italy, Norway, France, Romania and Belgium have also seen infections.\n\nCases have risen after the mystery illness was first reported, with experts feverishly trying to find out what has sparked it.\n\nCurrently scientists think the most likely cause is an adenovirus - common viruses that cause flu-like and gastro symptoms, and usually resolve without any lasting issues.\n\nIn kids they generally spark a mild illness, with liver inflammation (hepatitis) rare in healthy youngsters.\n\nTraditionally the type of infections caused include the ear, common colds, pink eye and tonsillitis, with symptoms including coughs, sore throats, diarrhoea and fever.\n\nAt least 74 of the children have been found to be infected with an adenovirus.\n\nAround 20 had Covid, and 19 had both Covid and an adenovirus infection.\n\nDr Meera Chand, Director of Clinical and Emerging Infections at UKHSA, said there is increasing evidence the hepatitis is linked with adenovirus infection.\n\nOther avenues are also being investigated, such as another infection including Covid, or an environmental cause.\n\nBut experts have ruled out the Covid vaccines as none of the affected children had received a jab.\n\nParents have been urged to help prevent the spread of viruses by supervising their children when washing their hands to make sure they are doing so thoroughly.\n\nRespiratory hygiene includes encouraging children to catch their sneezes in a tissue or the crook of their elbow and coughing into their hand.\n\nShort-term hepatitis often has no noticeable symptoms, the NHS says.\n\nBut the 10 main hepatitis warning signs are:\n\nDark urine Pale, grey-coloured poo Itchy skin Yellowing of the eyes and skin (jaundice) Muscle and joint pain A high temperature Feeling and being sick Feeling unusually tired all the time Loss of appetite Tummy pain\n\nDr Chand said: “We are working… to swiftly investigate a wide range of possible factors which may be causing children to be admitted to hospital with liver inflammation known as hepatitis.\n\n“Information gathered through our investigations increasingly suggests that this is linked to adenovirus infection.\n\n“However, we are thoroughly investigating other potential causes.\n\n“We are also calling on parents and guardians, to be alert to the signs of hepatitis (including jaundice) and to contact a healthcare professional if they are concerned.”\n\nDr Zania Stamataki, Associate Professor in Viral Immunology, Centre for Liver and Gastrointestinal Research, University of Birmingham, also said: “Most of the children with hepatitis have tested positive for adenovirus infection which is circulating now, however the liver inflammation may have been caused by a previous infection that has now cleared.\n\n"Sudden onset hepatitis may also be caused by a combination of insults to the liver, including viruses, toxins or drug treatments.\n\n“The rising incidence of children with sudden onset hepatitis is unusual and worrying.\n\n"If an adenovirus is to blame, this could be a new variant of adenovirus that may cause liver injury in children with naïve/immature immune systems."\n\nA Public Health Scotland epidemiologist has suggested children could be reacting more severely to an adenovirus due to not being exposed to as many germs in lockdown.', 'image': 'https://www.thesun.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/crop-18363523.jpg?strip=all&quality=100&w=1920&h=1080&crop=1', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:19'}

{'title': "Drop in Life Expectancy Due to Poor Pandemic Management ‘Chilling', Says Sir Michael Marmot - Byline Times", 'keywords': ['sir', 'michael', 'areas', 'living', '2020', 'health', 'deprived', 'england', 'women', 'life', 'times'], 'polarity': 0.1274, 'subjectivity': 0.4107, 'link': 'https://bylinetimes.com/2022/04/26/drop-in-life-expectancy-due-to-poor-pandemic-management-chilling-says-sir-michael-marmot/', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:47', 'summary': 'While the US experienced much larger declines in life expectancy than its economic peers, England and Wales saw the second biggest decrease.\nLife expectancy dropped during the pandemic from 81.71 years in 2019 to 80.43 in 2020 and 80.78 in 2021.\nIn contrast, Norway, South Korea and New Zealand saw life expectancy increase during the time period.\nThe authors explained that “estimates of life expectancy help one compare how different countries have experienced the COVID-19 pandemic”.\nMale disability-free life expectancy at birth in the most deprived areas was 17.6 years fewer than in the least deprived areas in 2018 to 2020.', 'channel': 'bylinetimes.com', 'text': 'New research shows that England and Wales saw the biggest reduction in life expectancy after the US between 2019-21, while the life expectancy of the poorest continues to drop\n\nShare EmailTwitterFacebook\n\nOverall life expectancy in England and Wales fell by 0.93 years during the height of the Coronavirus pandemic, research from the United States has found.\n\nThe report comes as the Office for National Statistics (ONS) released its data on life expectancy inequality, with men from the most deprived areas in England living 9.7 years fewer than their wealthier peers. For women, the gap between the richest and poorest was 7.9 years.\n\nThe US research looked at the change in life expectancy between 2019 and 2021, or during the first two years of the pandemic, comparing the United States with 19 peer countries.\n\nWhile the US experienced much larger declines in life expectancy than its economic peers, England and Wales saw the second biggest decrease. Life expectancy dropped during the pandemic from 81.71 years in 2019 to 80.43 in 2020 and 80.78 in 2021.\n\nIn Northern Ireland, the drop was from 80.92 years in 2019 to 79.83 in 2020 and 79.99 in 2021. Scotland, which has the lowest life expectancy in the UK, saw a change from 79.29 years in 2019 to 78.29 in 2020 and 78.43 in 2021.\n\nIn contrast, Norway, South Korea and New Zealand saw life expectancy increase during the time period.\n\nThe authors explained that “estimates of life expectancy help one compare how different countries have experienced the COVID-19 pandemic”.\n\nProfessor Sir Michael Marmot, author of both Fair Society, Healthy Lives (The Marmot Review) and Health Equity in England: the Marmot Review 10 Years On, told Byline Times that “prior to the pandemic, health in England was in a poor state, relative to other rich countries”, but after 2010, “life expectancy improvement slowed markedly, health inequalities increased, and health of people living in the most deprived areas got worse”.\n\n“The pandemic further exposed these health inequalities and amplified them,” he said. “Poor management of the pandemic meant a bigger drop in life expectancy in England, in 2020, than was seen in other countries that managed the pandemic better.”\n\nFUND MORE INVESTIGATIVE REPORTING SUBSCRIBE TO BYLINE TIMES. CLICK HERE TO FUND MORE INVESTIGATIVE REPORTING Help to expose the big scandals of our era.\n\nLife Expectancy Inequality\n\nWhile the US research reveals an overall decrease in life expectancy over the pandemic, the latest Office for National Statistics data shows that the health gap between rich and poor is growing.\n\nA report on ‘Health State Life Expectancies by National Deprivation Deciles in England’ exposes how those living in the poorest regions of England die far younger than their wealthier peers – and have fewer healthy years.\n\nThe ONS found that there have been “statistically significant increases” in the inequality in life expectancy, with men and women living in the most deprived areas of England seeing a significant decrease in life expectancy between 2015 to 2017 and 2018 to 2020.\n\nThose living in the most deprived areas saw the largest reduction in life expectancy.\n\n“These latest figures from ONS are a continuation of the trends”, said Sir Michael Marmot. “Between 2015-17 and 2018-20, life expectancy did not improve for men, overall, and actually declined for the most deprived 40% of the population. Among women, similarly, life expectancy declined for the most deprived 40% of the population, but there was some improvement for those living in less deprived areas.”\n\nMen in the most deprived areas can now expect to live 9.7 years fewer than men in the least deprived regions – 73.5 years compared to 83.2 years. Women living in the most deprived areas have a life expectancy of 78.3 years, while wealthy women can expect to live until their mid-80s (86.3 years).\n\nThe gap between healthy life expectancy is even more concerning.\n\nWhile women in wealthy regions on average enjoy good health until they are 70.7 years old; for women in the most deprived areas, healthy life expectancy is 51.9 years. This means that they endure poor health for an additional 20 years than their richer peers.\n\nFor men, the gap was 52.3 years to 70.5 years. Because people living in the most deprived areas die sooner, they spend a greater proportion of their life in poor health.\n\n\u200b\u200bAs such, in 2018 to 2020, women living in the most deprived areas were expected to live less than two-thirds (66.3%) of their lives in good general health, compared with more than four-fifths (82.0%) in the least deprived areas.\n\nAcross all income groups there has been a decline in disability-free life expectancy – the time spent living without disability.\n\nMale disability-free life expectancy at birth in the most deprived areas was 17.6 years fewer than in the least deprived areas in 2018 to 2020. There were significant decreases in female disability-free life expectancy at birth in both deprived and less deprived areas between 2015 to 2017 and 2018 to 2020.\n\nThe data, Sir Michael Marmot said, is “chilling”.\n\nOverall, he told Byline Times, “the figures are really shocking. They are telling us a great deal about how well society is functioning. If health is getting worse, then society’s needs are not being met”.\n\nShare EmailTwitterFacebook\n\nOUR JOURNALISM RELIES ON YOU\n\nByline Times is funded by its subscribers. Receive our monthly print edition and help to support fearless, independent journalism.', 'image': 'https://bylinetimes.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/04/Boris-Johnson-and-Rishi-Sunak-and-Sajid-Javid-600x314.jpg', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 00:58:47'}
{'title': 'Growing gap in healthy life expectancy between poorest and richest in England', 'keywords': ['areas', 'poorest', 'living', 'ons', 'deprived', 'women', 'life'], 'polarity': 0.1225, 'subjectivity': 0.4283, 'link': 'https://www.theguardian.com/society/2022/apr/25/growing-gap-in-healthy-life-expectancy-between-poorest-and-richest-in-england', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:01', 'summary': 'Female healthy life expectancy at birth in the most deprived areas was 19.3 years less than in the least deprived areas in 2018 to 2020, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).\nFor females, life expectancy at birth in 2018-20 was 78.3 years, down from 78.7 in 2015-17.\n“Girls born in the poorest areas of England live 19 fewer years in good health than those born in the wealthiest.\nThe ONS figures also show statistically significant increases in inequality in life expectancy at birth for both sexes.\nIn 2018 to 2020, male healthy life expectancy at birth in the most deprived areas of England was estimated at 52.3 years, compared with 70.5 in the least deprived areas.', 'channel': 'theguardian.com', 'text': 'Girls born in the poorest areas of England will have almost 20 fewer years of good health compared with those in the wealthiest, according to figures that also reveal overall life expectancy in the most deprived areas has dropped significantly.\n\nFemale healthy life expectancy at birth in the most deprived areas was 19.3 years less than in the least deprived areas in 2018 to 2020, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS). For males it was 18.6 years less.\n\nLast week the Guardian revealed that women in the poorest areas of England were dying earlier than the average female in almost every comparable country. MPs and health experts described the revelation as devastating and unacceptable.\n\nNow the ONS figures show life expectancy in the most deprived areas of England fell significantly in the three years to 2020, and the inequality gap to people living in the least deprived areas grew wider.\n\nThe start of the Covid-19 pandemic in early 2020 is likely to have influenced the changes in life expectancy, with the most deprived areas experiencing the highest rates of deaths from the virus. It is too soon for the data to reflect the full impact of Covid-19, however.\n\nThere was a significant decrease in life expectancy for both women and men living in the most deprived areas of England between 2015-17 and 2018-20, the ONS said. For females, life expectancy at birth in 2018-20 was 78.3 years, down from 78.7 in 2015-17. For males it fell from 74 to 73.5 years.\n\nDavid Finch, the assistant director of healthy lives at the Health Foundation, said the data highlighted that there had been greater falls in life expectancy in the poorest areas of England than in the wealthiest.\n\n“It also highlights that in the most deprived areas, people are living more of their life in ill health,” he said. “Girls born in the poorest areas of England live 19 fewer years in good health than those born in the wealthiest. A staggering difference in life chances.”\n\nFinch said reducing the stark inequalities required a “fundamental shift” to a whole-government approach that fosters the conditions needed for good health, such as adequate incomes to cope with the rising cost of living, secure jobs and decent housing. “The upcoming disparities white paper presents a clear opportunity to move beyond the rhetoric and into action,” he said.\n\nThe ONS figures also show statistically significant increases in inequality in life expectancy at birth for both sexes. Men in the most deprived areas of England were living 9.7 years fewer than those in the least deprived areas in 2018-20, compared with a difference of 9.3 years in 2015-17. The gap for women was 7.9 years in 2018-20, up from 7.5.\n\nSign up for First Edition, our free daily newsletter delivered every weekday at 7am\n\nNot only do men and women in the most deprived areas have shorter life spans overall but they also live a larger number of years in poorer states of health.\n\nIn 2018 to 2020, male healthy life expectancy at birth in the most deprived areas of England was estimated at 52.3 years, compared with 70.5 in the least deprived areas. The gap for females was even wider, at 51.9 versus 70.7 years.\n\nYears spent in poorer health fell progressively from the most deprived areas (21.2 years for males, 26.4 years for females) to the least deprived areas (12.7 and 15.6 years respectively). The ONS said: “With those living in more deprived areas also living shorter lives, this means that they spend a smaller proportion of their lives in good health.”', 'image': 'https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/572970543aba827ac64627062b99748b71c0abfa/0_20_3500_2101/master/3500.jpg?width=1200&height=630&quality=85&auto=format&fit=crop&overlay-align=bottom%2Cleft&overlay-width=100p&overlay-base64=L2ltZy9zdGF0aWMvb3ZlcmxheXMvdGctZGVmYXVsdC5wbmc&enable=upscale&s=7d9cdfc9315f2511c40fcddf43dea173', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:01:01'}

{'title': 'No-fault evictions: 200,000 renters in England served notices in three years', 'keywords': ['21', 'rented', 'private', 'nofault', 'renters', '200000', 'renting', 'notice', 'notices', 'eviction', 'evictions', 'england', 'served', 'practice', 'shaw'], 'polarity': 0.0587, 'subjectivity': 0.335, 'link': 'https://www.theguardian.com/info/2022/apr/26/article-removed', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:29', 'summary': 'More than 200,000 private renters in England have been served eviction notices without doing anything wrong in the three years since the government first promised to ban the practice, housing campaigners have claimed.\nEvery seven minutes, a tenant has been landed with a no-fault eviction notice since Theresa May’s Conservative government first committed to scrap them in April 2019, according to research by Shelter, the housing charity.\nMillions of private renters are living in limbo – never truly able to settle – in case their landlord kicks them out on a whim.”The charity polled private renters this month and asked how many had received the section 21 eviction notices.\nAndrew Shaw, 34, was served with an eviction notice in the home he lived with his wife and children, aged four and one.\nBut in October, when Shaw received a section 21 notice, “my heart stopped beating for a second”, he said.', 'channel': 'theguardian.com', 'text': 'More than 200,000 private renters in England have been served eviction notices without doing anything wrong in the three years since the government first promised to ban the practice, housing campaigners have claimed.\n\nEvery seven minutes, a tenant has been landed with a no-fault eviction notice since Theresa May’s Conservative government first committed to scrap them in April 2019, according to research by Shelter, the housing charity.\n\nTenants have told of the shock, stress and thousands of pounds of unexpected bills caused by the practice, which means private renters can be evicted with two months’ notice and without the landlord giving a reason.\n\nTenants groups representing England’s 4.5m private renting households have become increasingly frustrated at ministers’ repeated failures to deliver on promises to end the practice in 2019 and 2021.\n\n“It’s appalling that every seven minutes another private renter is slapped with a no-fault eviction notice despite the government promising to scrap these grossly unfair evictions three years ago,” said Polly Neate, the chief executive of Shelter. “It’s no wonder many renters feel forgotten. Millions of private renters are living in limbo – never truly able to settle – in case their landlord kicks them out on a whim.”\n\nThe charity polled private renters this month and asked how many had received the section 21 eviction notices. It extrapolated the responses to estimate that more than 200 renters in England are being hit by the practice a day.\n\nAndrew Shaw, 34, was served with an eviction notice in the home he lived with his wife and children, aged four and one. Photograph: Andrew Shaw\n\nThe latest estimates around the impact of the practice come before next month’s Queen’s speech, which the government said on Tuesday will “set out reforms to make renting fairer for all, including by banning section 21 ‘no fault’ evictions as soon as possible”.\n\nKaren Wake, 61, has been hit by no-fault evictions three times. The most recent notice will remove her from her East Sussex home which she rented three years ago, not only because of its open plan living area, French doors and wood burner, but because it was advertised as a “long-term let”. In March, she was given two months to move out.\n\n“It’s a shock, I’m back into the renting circus.”\n\nWorst of all is the feeling of having no control over her destiny, said Wake, who has been forced to spend about £1,500 on moving costs. A section 21 could arrive at any time.\n\n“I’m in my 60s, I could be doing this for the rest of my life,” she said.\n\nAlso affected is Andrew Shaw, a 34-year-old IT worker who rented a house in Bedfordshire for three years. His children, aged one and four, had their own rooms and Shaw grew pumpkins and peas in the garden. But in October, when Shaw received a section 21 notice, “my heart stopped beating for a second”, he said. “I was really stressed. It felt like when you have a really big exam, you can feel it in your chest.”\n\nThe family found a new house but the rent costs £350 more a month.\n\n“There’s no more savings,” he said.\n\nSign up to First Edition, our free daily newsletter – every weekday morning at 7am\n\nA spokesperson for the Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities said: “Our private rented sector white paper will set out reforms to make renting fairer for all, including by banning section 21 ‘no fault’ evictions as soon as possible.\n\n“We are also providing a £22bn package of support to help households with rising costs. This includes putting an average of £1,000 more a year into the pockets of working families via universal credit and direct support for bills.”\n\n\n\n', 'image': 'https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/a648ae3767c30b03fc576383e4c9f723cdd3d216/0_0_3000_1800/master/3000.jpg?width=1200&height=630&quality=85&auto=format&fit=crop&overlay-align=bottom%2Cleft&overlay-width=100p&overlay-base64=L2ltZy9zdGF0aWMvb3ZlcmxheXMvdGctZGVmYXVsdC5wbmc&enable=upscale&s=1c7f91fbe085e4e3f52c71111748ac54', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:29'}

{'title': 'Hepatitis outbreak 2022 - latest: Child case rise sparks investigation', 'keywords': ['investigation', 'wirethe', 'died', 'case', 'cases', 'young', 'investigating', 'world', 'rise', 'child', 'latest', 'sparks', 'children', '2022'], 'polarity': 0.0212, 'subjectivity': 0.4865, 'link': 'https://www.independent.co.uk/news/health/hepatitis-outbreak-2022-adenovirus-signs-b2065624.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:14', 'summary': 'The WHO says it is monitoring cases of hepatitis in young children (PA Wire)The UK’s Health Security Agency (UKHSA) says it is investigating after finding more than 100 cases of sudden hepatitis in children.\nDoctors said they had seen "increasing" evidence the problem is linked to adenoviruses - a group of viruses that can cause illnesses such as the common cold and flu.\nThe UK Health Agency’s lead investigator into the rise in cases, Dr Meera Chand, said that lockdown restrictions preventing young children from being exposed to the virus could be a factor in why it is hitting them the hardest.\nIn Britain, cases have reached 81 in England, 14 in Scotland, 11 in Wales and five in Northern Ireland, with the majority of patients under five years old.\nNo children in the UK have died, it was confirmed, after the World Health Organisation said there had been 169 cases globally with at least one child who had died from the illness.', 'channel': 'independent.co.uk', 'text': 'The WHO says it is monitoring cases of hepatitis in young children (PA Wire)\n\nThe UK’s Health Security Agency (UKHSA) says it is investigating after finding more than 100 cases of sudden hepatitis in children.\n\nDoctors said they had seen "increasing" evidence the problem is linked to adenoviruses - a group of viruses that can cause illnesses such as the common cold and flu.\n\nThe HSA said it cannot rule out other possible causes such as Covid, which it is also investigating, but that an adenovirus has been identified in 40 out of the 53 cases so far tested.\n\nThe UK Health Agency’s lead investigator into the rise in cases, Dr Meera Chand, said that lockdown restrictions preventing young children from being exposed to the virus could be a factor in why it is hitting them the hardest.\n\nIn Britain, cases have reached 81 in England, 14 in Scotland, 11 in Wales and five in Northern Ireland, with the majority of patients under five years old.\n\nNo children in the UK have died, it was confirmed, after the World Health Organisation said there had been 169 cases globally with at least one child who had died from the illness.', 'image': 'https://static.independent.co.uk/2022/04/15/13/0740aa3c5570fe60cd73a2c9c2509915Y29udGVudHNlYXJjaGFwaSwxNjUwMTA5MTky-2.66265685.jpg?quality=75&width=1200&auto=webp', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:14'}

{'title': 'Hepatitis outbreak 2022 - latest: Child case rise sparks investigation', 'keywords': ['investigation', 'wirethe', 'died', 'outbreak', 'case', 'cases', 'young', 'investigating', 'world', 'rise', 'latest', 'sparks', 'uk', '2022'], 'polarity': 0.0212, 'subjectivity': 0.4865, 'link': 'https://www.independent.co.uk/news/health/hepatitis-symptoms-children-latest-uk-adenovirus-b2065492.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:06', 'summary': 'The WHO says it is monitoring cases of hepatitis in young children (PA Wire)The UK’s Health Security Agency (UKHSA) says it is investigating after finding more than 100 cases of sudden hepatitis in children.\nDoctors said they had seen "increasing" evidence the problem is linked to adenoviruses - a group of viruses that can cause illnesses such as the common cold and flu.\nThe UK Health Agency’s lead investigator into the rise in cases, Dr Meera Chand, said that lockdown restrictions preventing young children from being exposed to the virus could be a factor in why it is hitting them the hardest.\nIn Britain, cases have reached 81 in England, 14 in Scotland, 11 in Wales and five in Northern Ireland, with the majority of patients under five years old.\nNo children in the UK have died, it was confirmed, after the World Health Organisation said there had been 169 cases globally with at least one child who had died from the illness.', 'channel': 'independent.co.uk', 'text': 'The WHO says it is monitoring cases of hepatitis in young children (PA Wire)\n\nThe UK’s Health Security Agency (UKHSA) says it is investigating after finding more than 100 cases of sudden hepatitis in children.\n\nDoctors said they had seen "increasing" evidence the problem is linked to adenoviruses - a group of viruses that can cause illnesses such as the common cold and flu.\n\nThe HSA said it cannot rule out other possible causes such as Covid, which it is also investigating, but that an adenovirus has been identified in 40 out of the 53 cases so far tested.\n\nThe UK Health Agency’s lead investigator into the rise in cases, Dr Meera Chand, said that lockdown restrictions preventing young children from being exposed to the virus could be a factor in why it is hitting them the hardest.\n\nIn Britain, cases have reached 81 in England, 14 in Scotland, 11 in Wales and five in Northern Ireland, with the majority of patients under five years old.\n\nNo children in the UK have died, it was confirmed, after the World Health Organisation said there had been 169 cases globally with at least one child who had died from the illness.', 'image': 'https://static.independent.co.uk/2022/04/15/13/0740aa3c5570fe60cd73a2c9c2509915Y29udGVudHNlYXJjaGFwaSwxNjUwMTA5MTky-2.66265685.jpg?quality=75&width=1200&auto=webp', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:02:06'}

{'title': 'Rishi Sunak to consider making new bank holiday permanent to honour Queen', 'keywords': ['queen', 'bank', 'rishi', 'making', 'holiday', 'asked', 'telegraph', 'mr', 'consider', 'supportive', 'support', 'permanent', 'honour', 'sunak', 'reported', 'proposals', 'treasury'], 'polarity': 0.0318, 'subjectivity': 0.2394, 'link': 'https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/chancellor-boris-johnson-britons-cbi-confederation-of-british-industry-b2065346.html', 'published': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:35', 'summary': 'The chancellor will consider proposals to create a new bank holiday in honour of the Queen.\nThe Telegraph and The Express said the idea had now won the support of Rishi Sunak, as well as Boris Johnson and his wife, Carrie.\nHowever, it is understood that Mr Sunak is yet to consider the proposals – although he intends to.\nThe Telegraph reported that Mr Sunak had asked the Treasury for formal advice on the suggestion.\nIt has previously been reported that Mr and Mrs Johnson are supportive of the move.', 'channel': 'independent.co.uk', 'text': 'The chancellor will consider proposals to create a new bank holiday in honour of the Queen.\n\nBritons are already set for an extra day off on June 3, 2022, to mark the monarch’s Platinum Jubilee.\n\nBut campaigners have been calling to make the holiday permanent from 2023 – with the move backed by the Confederation of British Industry (CBI), Hospitality UK, the Archbishop of Canterbury and others.\n\nThe Telegraph and The Express said the idea had now won the support of Rishi Sunak, as well as Boris Johnson and his wife, Carrie.\n\nHowever, it is understood that Mr Sunak is yet to consider the proposals – although he intends to.\n\nBritons are already set for an extra day off on June 3, 2022 to mark the monarch’s Platinum Jubilee (Steve Parsons / PA)\n\nThe new “thank holiday” would recognise the Queen’s “extraordinary service”, as well as people’s efforts to support their communities, especially over the last two years.\n\nThe Telegraph reported that Mr Sunak had asked the Treasury for formal advice on the suggestion.\n\nThe newspaper also said Downing Street had asked the Department for Digital, Culture, Media & Sport (DCMS) to carry out a review of the matter.\n\nIt cited a source as saying: “The Treasury is not saying no off the bat despite previously being institutionally allergic to the idea of a new bank holiday.\n\n“Rishi is supportive of the campaign and the thought behind it and has asked for all the projected costs.”\n\nThe Express also reported that the chancellor was “looking at proposals carefully”.\n\nIt has previously been reported that Mr and Mrs Johnson are supportive of the move.\n\nNo 10 and the Treasury have been approached for comment.', 'image': 'https://static.independent.co.uk/2022/04/26/00/f1a9015bb357f761fe9725af60d873d0Y29udGVudHNlYXJjaGFwaSwxNjUxMDE1NzMx-2.66007489.jpg?quality=75&width=1200&auto=webp', 'news date': 'Wed, 27 Apr 2022 01:00:35'}


